Board Briefs – March Meeting 2025 | Grandview C-4 School District
Skip to main content
Grandview C-4 School District
Main Menu Toggle
Welcome to GC-4
Boundaries/School Locator
District Directory
District News
Flyer Distribution
Registration / Enrollment
Request for Proposals/Bids
Staff Directory
Using Our Facilities
Volunteering in Our Schools
Our Community
Kindergarten Information
About Us
Bond Project Updates
Mission, Vision & Commitments
Board of Education
Our Superintendent
Our District
District Calendar
BOE Policies
District Directory
Our Budget
Strategic Plan
Bulldog Award
District Boundaries
District Report Card
Departments
Education Foundation
Our Brand Standards
Programs
Bulldog Award-Employee Recognition
Athletics
A+ Program
Community Education
Summer School
Wellness Program
Gifted Education
Our Schools
Belvidere Elementary School
Butcher-Greene Elementary School
Center for Alternative Instructional Resources (CAIR)
Conn-West Elementary School
Grandview High School
Grandview Middle School
High Grove Early Childhood Center
Martin City K-8 Schools
Meadowmere Elementary School
Join Our Team
Work for Grandview C-4
Job Openings
Employee Assistance Program
Salary and Benefits
Substitutes
Job Descriptions
FAQ's
Top Header
Peachjar
Families
Staff
Search
BOE Briefs
»
Board Briefs – March Meeting 2025
Board Briefs – March Meeting 2025
Regular Open Meeting Brief – March Meeting 2025
The Board Brief provides information about what took place during our board meetings. It provides details on Board discussions, actions and items of interest to our community. Please check Board Briefs often to stay up to date on the important decisions being made in our district.
Regular Open Meeting Brief – March 20, 2025
The entire meeting agenda can be viewed at:  March 20, 2025 BOE Meeting
Program Evaluations
The Board was presented with program evaluations for Title I Early Childhood and Parents As Teachers (PAT). The goal of the early childhood program is to provide early intervention for educationally at-risk students.  During the 2023-24 school year, the district served 32 pre-kindergarten students with full day programming focused on language and literacy development, early numeracy, and social-emotional development.   PAT served 213 students up to 5 years of age during the 2023-24 school year.  Their goal is to increase kindergarten readiness through early learning experiences.  Over 94% of parents surveyed strongly agree they were satisfied with the PAT program.
Seal of Biliteracy
The Board approved the implementation of the Seal of Biliteracy which is an award given by a school district to recognize high school graduates who have attained proficiency in English and one or more additional languages. The purpose of the Seal is to acknowledge and celebrate the value of multilingualism, encourage the study of world languages, and validate the hard work of students who achieve biliteracy. Earning this distinction provides students with a valuable credential for college admissions, scholarship opportunities, and future employment in a global workforce.
Estimated Tax Levy
Districts are required to annually project estimated, non-binding tax levy rates to be submitted to the County Clerk in April.  The Board approved an estimated tax levy rate of $4.3897 per $100 Assessed Valuation for General and Teacher (Combined) Operating funds, and $1.3666 for the Debit Service fund, for a total estimated levy rate of $5.7563 for 2025.  This reflects a slight increase of $0.0943 over 2024. Official tax levy rates are set annually in the fall after a public tax hearing.
Strategic Plan Review
Administration reviewed progress toward goals in the Focus Areas of Success Ready Students, Workplace Excellence, Operational Readiness and Climate & Culture.   The Missouri School Improvement Program (MSIP) recommends schools districts develop an ongoing, written strategic plan which directs the overall improvement of its educational programs and services. The strategic plan includes goals, objectives and action steps which direct the improvement efforts of the district for a 3-year period.  The Board of Education approved the current District Strategic Plan for 2024-2027 in June 20, 2024.
Print
Grandview C-4 School District
Resources
Notice of Non-Discrimination
MOCAP
Federal Programs and Title 1
Trauma-Informed Schools Initiative
Individual Student Reporting
Office
13015 10th Street
Grandview, MO 64030
Office Phone:
(816) 316-5000
Fax:
(816) 316-5050
Edlio Login
Social Media Links
Grandview C-4 School District
Facebook
Twitter
Linked In
Back To Top
Mobile Footer Links
Staff Directory
Calendar
News
Contact