Board Briefs – April 16, 2026 | Grandview C-4 School District
Skip to main content
Grandview C-4 School District
Main Menu Toggle
Welcome to GC-4
Boundaries/School Locator
District Directory
District News
Flyer Distribution
Registration / Enrollment
Request for Proposals/Bids
Staff Directory
Using Our Facilities
Volunteering in Our Schools
Our Community
Kindergarten Information
About Us
Bond Project Updates
Mission, Vision & Commitments
Board of Education
Our Superintendent
Our District
District Calendar
BOE Policies
District Directory
Our Budget
Strategic Plan
Bulldog Award
District Boundaries
District Report Card
Departments
Education Foundation
Our Brand Standards
Programs
Bulldog Award-Employee Recognition
Athletics
A+ Program
Community Education
Summer School
Wellness Program
Gifted Education
Our Schools
Belvidere Elementary School
Butcher-Greene Elementary School
Center for Alternative Instructional Resources (CAIR)
Conn-West Elementary School
Grandview High School
Grandview Middle School
High Grove Early Childhood Center
Martin City K-8 Schools
Meadowmere Elementary School
Join Our Team
Work for Grandview C-4
Job Openings
Employee Assistance Program
Salary and Benefits
Substitutes
Job Descriptions
FAQ's
Top Header
Peachjar
Families
Staff
Search
The latest
»
Board Briefs – April 16, 2026
Board Briefs – April 16, 2026
The Board Brief provides information about what took place during our board meetings. It provides details on Board discussions, actions, and items of interest to our community. Please check Board Briefs often to stay up to date on the important decisions being made in our district.
Program Evaluations
District programs are evaluated annually or biennially per Policy IM. These evaluations assess progress toward meeting established goals and provide recommendations for improvement. The evaluation process ensures that programs remain effective, aligned with district goals, and responsive to the needs of students and the community. Program evaluations are summarized and formalized for the Board of Education to maintain transparency and accountability. These updates provide the Board with a clear understanding of program progress and areas for improvement, and facilitate informed decision-making.  This month, the programs Early Childhood Special Education and ELD were evaluated
Cass County Dental
One of the board members of Cass County Dental came to present an update on the services they provide for the Grandview C4 students who don’t otherwise have access to dental care.  They provide Dental Screenings, Teledentistry, and Scholarships.    Last year, they saw 2,732 students who came to the clinic after being screened at school.  632 of those students were from Grandview.   Students in grades K-5 were screened at the schools last year.
Listening Tour
Dr. Rodrequez and Dr. Amaya shared with the board their findings from the engagement survey and listening tours this year. The data collected from both the listening tours and the survey have been instrumental in shaping targeted action steps focused on improving workplace culture, strengthening communication, and enhancing support systems for staff. A summary of these findings and next steps will be presented to the Board
Real World Learning
There has been real progress with our Real World Learning opportunities.
Presented by the Home Builders Association of Greater Kansas City to help promote careers in the residential construction industry, "Foundations for the Future Week" showcases the work of area high school students in construction and manufacturing programs. Some of our high school students submitted their playhouse!
Print
Grandview C-4 School District
Resources
Notice of Non-Discrimination
MOCAP
Federal Programs and Title 1
Trauma-Informed Schools Initiative
Individual Student Reporting
Office
13015 10th Street
Grandview, MO 64030
Office Phone:
(816) 316-5000
Fax:
(816) 316-5050
Edlio Login
Social Media Links
Grandview C-4 School District
Facebook
Twitter
Linked In
Back To Top
Mobile Footer Links
Staff Directory
Calendar
News
Contact