Board Brief-June 18, 2026 | Grandview C-4 School District
Skip to main content
Grandview C-4 School District
Main Menu Toggle
Welcome to GC-4
Boundaries/School Locator
District Directory
District News
Flyer Distribution
Registration / Enrollment
Request for Proposals/Bids
Staff Directory
Using Our Facilities
Volunteering in Our Schools
Our Community
Kindergarten Information
About Us
Bond Project Updates
Mission, Vision & Commitments
Board of Education
Our Superintendent
Our District
District Calendar
BOE Policies
District Directory
Our Budget
Strategic Plan
Bulldog Award
District Boundaries
District Report Card
Departments
Education Foundation
Our Brand Standards
Programs
Bulldog Award-Employee Recognition
Athletics
A+ Program
Community Education
Summer School
Wellness Program
Gifted Education
Our Schools
Belvidere Elementary School
Butcher-Greene Elementary School
Center for Alternative Instructional Resources (CAIR)
Conn-West Elementary School
Grandview High School
Grandview Middle School
High Grove Early Childhood Center
Martin City K-8 Schools
Meadowmere Elementary School
Join Our Team
Work for Grandview C-4
Job Openings
Employee Assistance Program
Salary and Benefits
Substitutes
Job Descriptions
FAQ's
Top Header
Peachjar
Families
Staff
Search
The latest
»
Board Brief-June 18, 2026
Board Brief-June 18, 2026
The Board Brief provides information about what took place during our board meetings. It provides details on Board discussions, actions, and items of interest to our community. Please check Board Briefs often to stay up to date on the important decisions being made in our district.
Preliminary Budget
The Board adopted a preliminary budget for 2026-27.  The preliminary operating budget was developed by beginning with the proposed final budget from the 2025-2026 fiscal year.
Career Ladder Update
Assistant Superintendent Stephanie Amaya, shared an update on Career Ladder. The Missouri Career Development and Teacher Excellence Plan, commonly known as the Career Ladder Program, is a voluntary performance-based compensation initiative established by state statute. It aims to provide salary supplements to teachers who undertake additional responsibilities and voluntary efforts beyond their contractual obligations. The program is designed to recognize and reward teacher excellence, thereby promoting higher retention rates and enhancing student outcomes.  There were over 8,367 hours reported by teachers supporting students beyond their regular assignments.
The Grandview C-4 School Board approved the implementation of this program on April 17, 2025 after a year-long planning process by District administration and a teacher committee.
Activities Director
At the June board meeting Dr. Rodrequez introduced the new Activities Director.  Jeremy Brown comes to us from Springfield Public School.  He has worn several hats in his career including: Principal, Assistant Principal, Athletic Director, Dean of Students, teacher, and coach.  Mr. Brown is currently working on his Doctorate in School Leadership.
Real World Learning Opportunities
The district is continuing its partnership with T&L Welding.  This partnership will allow students to participate in a welding program that gives students the opportunity to earn 200 hours of welding coursework!  Grandview is also partnering with Between Me 2 You.  Between Me 2 You provide healthcare training programs such as, CNA, Phlebotomy, and other approved pathways.
Print
Grandview C-4 School District
Resources
Notice of Non-Discrimination
MOCAP
Federal Programs and Title 1
Trauma-Informed Schools Initiative
Individual Student Reporting
Office
13015 10th Street
Grandview, MO 64030
Office Phone:
(816) 316-5000
Fax:
(816) 316-5050
Edlio Login
Social Media Links
Grandview C-4 School District
Facebook
Twitter
Linked In
Back To Top
Mobile Footer Links
Staff Directory
Calendar
News
Contact