--- PAGE 1 ---
Graduation Requirements  
The following Center Board of Education policy guidelines apply to graduation from the Center 
School District:    
1. The State of Missouri requires students to pass the U.S. and Missouri Constitution tests 
before graduation. Students are given this test following the successful completion 
of Government during grade 11. 
2. The State of Missouri requires all students to complete instruction in CPR (30 min). 
3. Credit may be earned and counted toward high school graduation requirements through: 
a. Extension and correspondence courses from accredited public institutions of 
higher education  
b. Summer school from approved public institutions   
c. School-approved adult education courses 
4. Credit for off-campus instruction under the guidance and direction of the school faculty 
may be granted for programs approved by the State Department of Education.    
5. When transfer students are unable to meet Center School District graduation requirements, 
exceptions may be made which will permit them to graduate if:    
a. They have done satisfactory work since the date of transfer.   
b. They have been unable to meet specific requirements due to conditions beyond 
their control.   
c. They would have graduated from their former school had they not transferred.    
  
Curricular Areas   
Requirements   
English Language Arts   4.0 Credits/Units   
Must include 1 English Language Arts credit for grades 9 - 12.   
Must take DESE English II End of Course Exam   
Mathematics   
3.0 Credits/Units   
Must include 1 credit Algebra I, 1 credit Geometry, 1 credit Algebra II.   
Must take DESE Algebra I or II End of Course Exam   
Science   
3.0 Credits/Units   
Must include 1 Biology credit.  
Must take DESE Biology End of Course Exam   
Social Studies   
3.0 Credits/Units   
Must include 1 credit American History, 1 credit World History, 1 credit 
Government.   
Must take DESE Government End of Course Exam, US Constitution, MO 
Constitution, and American Civics Exams   
Physical Education   
1.0 Credit/Unit   
Must take CPR and Heimlich Exams   
Fine Arts   
1.0 Credit/Unit   
Speech   
0.5 Credit /Unit   
Requirement fulfilled by successful completion of Speech, Debate or 
Theater Arts   
Practical Arts   
1.0 Credit/Unit   
Health   
0.5 Credit/Unit   
Personal Finance   
0.5 Credit/Unit   
Additional Electives   
8.0 Credits/Units   

--- PAGE 2 ---
Post-Secondary Education Admission Requirements   
Curricular Areas   Missouri Public 4 
Year College Credit 
Requirements   
Community & 
Technical Colleges 
(I.E. Metropolitan 
Community 
Colleges)   
Military   
Apprenticeships   
English Language 
Arts   
4 Credits/Units   
High School 
Diploma or 
Equivalency   
High School 
Diploma or 
Equivalency   
High School 
Diploma or 
Equivalency   
Mathematics   
3 Credits/Units   
Algebra I & Higher   
Science   
3 Credits/Units   
No General Science   
1 Must Be a Lab 
Class   
Fine Arts   
1 Credit/Unit   
Practical Arts   
0 Credits/Units   
Physical 
Education   
0 Credits/Units   
Foreign 
Languages   
2 Credits/Units of 
the Same Foreign 
Language   
Additional 
Requirements   
Appropriate class 
rank and ACT score   
 
 
Missouri State High School Activities Association 
Eligibility (MSHSAA)   
 
Knowing and following all MSHSAA standards will enable a student to protect his/her eligibility for 
MSHSAA interscholastic competition. Activity participation should be for all students 
making appropriate progress toward graduation and otherwise in good standing.   
1. Grades received in the preceding semester will determine eligibility to participate in 
interscholastic activities. 
2. The student shall have earned, in the preceding semester, a minimum of 3.0 units of credit. 
3. The student shall currently be enrolled in and regularly attending courses that offer 3.0 
units of credit. (student aides, etc. does not count as a full class). 
4. Beginner ninth grade students shall have been promoted from the eighth grade to the ninth 
grade for first semester of eligibility. 
5. A student must be making satisfactory progress towards graduation as determined by local 
school policies. There is a maximum age limit for participation. 
6. Online Students planning to participate should visit with their counselor or Activities 
Director to make sure they will be eligible to participate in MSHSAA sanctioned activities. 
More information can be found at: www.mshsaa.org   
 

--- PAGE 3 ---
 
Advanced Studies  
Dual Credit, AP, and Honors courses receive extra weight in the grading system. Students and their 
families should meet with a school counselor to explore opportunities and options available 
through these programs. Please be aware that awarding college credit is determined by individual 
credentialing institutions and universities.    
 
Advanced Placement (AP)   
Center High School offers several AP courses to students. All AP courses culminate in the 
comprehensive AP examination administered by the College Board. Most colleges and universities 
will accept successful completion of the exam for either advanced placement alone or for dual 
credit and advanced placement. Current information regarding college and university recognition 
policies can be found on the College Board website. Students enrolled in AP courses are required 
to take the corresponding examination to receive the 1.0 weighted credit. Failure to take the AP 
examination will result in a reduction of weighted credit for that course.   
 AP courses offered:   
• AP English Language & Composition   
• AP English Literature & Composition  
• AP Biology 
• AP Chemistry 
• AP United States Government & Politics 
• AP United States History 
• AP Psychology 
• AP Spanish   
 
Dual Credit   
Students enrolled in dual credit courses must meet or exceed eligibility 
requirements established by the Missouri Coordinating Board for Higher Education. Eligibility is 
defined as “Those students who meet the minimum grade point average requirements, satisfactory 
scores on subject matter tests, guardian permission, and recommendation of a content teacher 
and administrator.” An ACT score is required by some institutions that use placement tests to 
assess students’ readiness for college-level courses. The score will depend on the credentialing 
institution. A GPA of at least 3.0 is required by some institutions to enroll in dual credit 
courses.  See your counselor for more details.    
  
Dual credit courses offered:   
• Dual credit English 
• Dual credit College Algebra 
• Dual credit Calculus 
• Dual credit Precalculus 
• Dual credit Statistics 
• Dual credit Entrepreneurship 
• Dual credit Spanish 
• Dual credit Leadership   
 

--- PAGE 4 ---
Honors Courses   
Honors courses require students to utilize advanced critical thinking, problem solving, and content-
specific skills and knowledge. Honors courses are fast-paced and are designed to prepare 
students for subsequent AP and dual enrollment courses.    
   
Honors Courses offered:   
• Honors English 9 
• Honors English 10 
• Honors Algebra II 
• Honors Geometry 
• Honors Biology 
• Honors Chemistry 
• Honors Physical Science 
• Honors Modern World History 
• Honors Art   
 
Course Descriptions  
  
Language Arts   
Advanced Placement English Language & Composition: 1 Credit    
Grades: 11 - 12    
 Prerequisites: Successful completion of Honors English 10 and Teacher Recommendation   
   
AP English Language and Composition is an introductory college-level composition course. 
Students cultivate their understanding of writing and rhetorical arguments through reading, 
analyzing, and writing texts as they explore topics like rhetorical situations, claims and evidence, 
reasoning and organization, and style.    
  
AP information can be found under the Advanced Studies section.   
   
Advanced Placement English Literature and Composition: 1 Credit   
Grade 12    
 Prerequisites: Successful completion of AP English Language & Composition   
  
 AP English Literature and Composition is an introductory college-level literary analysis course. Students 
cultivate their understanding of literature through reading and analyzing texts as they explore concepts like 
character, setting, structure, perspective, figurative language, and literary analysis in the context of literary 
works.   
  
AP information can be found under the Advanced Studies section.   
   
Debate: 0.5 Credit    
Grades 9 - 12    
 Prerequisites: None    
   

--- PAGE 5 ---
Debate provides students with a general study of the techniques of interscholastic debate. Students are 
involved in detailed and extensive analysis of debate theory and technique with application of skills in 
competition. Help in guiding and developing novice debaters is an inherent part of the class work. 
Participation in the interscholastic Debate/Forensics program is a requirement. This course may be 
repeated for additional credit. This course cannot be used for Language Arts credit.   
 
Dual Credit English Language Arts: 1 Credit   
Grade: 12   
   
Prerequisites: Successful completion of either AP English Language & Composition or English 11 and 
English 11 Teacher Recommendation   
   
This course uses the text and syllabus provided by the accrediting institution and focuses on the study and 
practice of expository writing and analytical and critical reading. It requires the study of basic rhetorical 
principles and the practice of those principles in frequent short papers and close reading of models of 
expository prose. All students should be able to manage a rigorous load and be competent readers and 
writers. Second semester, the course introduces students to writing about literature at the college level. The 
focus is on getting students to an analytical level in their thinking about literature and then responding 
to different genres of writing (drama, fiction, and poetry) through essay writing. Reading involves literary 
experiences through a combination of classic and contemporary writing. Students may choose to take this 
course for dual credit.    
  
Dual credit information can be found under the Advanced Studies section.   
   
English Language Arts  9: 1 Credit    
Grade 9   
 Prerequisites: None    
   
Students develop critical reading literacy, reading comprehension, and increase writing proficiency. 
Students are introduced to the major literary themes in a survey of culturally diverse western literature that 
includes short stories, poetry, drama, and a variety of nonfiction selections.    
    
English Language Arts 10: 1 Credit    
Grade 10   
 Prerequisites: Successful completion of English Language Arts 9   
   
Students explore themes from selected readings in world literature as they practice comprehension skills 
while reading fiction (short stories, novels, poetry, and drama) and nonfiction works. Students analyze the 
se- lections as they relate to the individual, the community, the nation, the world, and the history of man. 
Essential writing skills are practiced in essays.   
 
English Language Arts 11: 1 Credit    
Grade 11   
Prerequisites: Successful completion of English Language Arts 10   
   
This course acquaints students with reading major American authors and writing about the literature that is 
studied. The course includes reading selections written by authors who have had a significant influence on 
American literature from colonial to modern times. Life Skills in reading comprehension, listening, speaking, 
and writing compositions are reinforced through classroom activities.    
   
English Language Arts 12: 1 Credit   

--- PAGE 6 ---
Grade 12  
Prerequisites: Successful completion of English Language Arts 11   
   
English Language Arts 12 is a year-long class that seeks to offer the best of contemporary, British, and 
world literature. Students may explore a variety of genres such as non-fiction, satire, mystery, science 
fiction, poetry, and drama. Since this course celebrates the diversity of genres in our culture, students will 
analyze and interpret the roles of these genres in their lives. Through reader response, literary analysis, and 
persuasive writing, students will continue to improve and develop their personal writing skills. 
Emphasis also will be placed on reading strategies to prepare students for successful post-secondary and 
lifelong reading.   
  
Honors 9 English Language Arts: 1Credit    
Grade 9   
Prerequisite: 8th Grade ELA Teacher Recommendation   
   
The pace of the Honors course accelerates the reading schedule and increases the amount of writing 
composition. The Honors course offers a deeper analysis of the canonical literature for freshmen English. 
The vocabulary, grammar, and composition are geared toward high achievements on the ACT/ 
SAT preparation.   
  
Honors information can be found under the Advanced Studies section.   
   
Honors 10 English Language Arts: 1 Credit    
Grade 10   
 Prerequisites: Successful completion of Honors English Language Arts 9   
   
The pace of the Honors course accelerates the reading schedule and increases the amount of writing 
composition. The Honors course offers a deeper analysis of canonical literature. Students regularly present 
expository and persuasive presentations in the Honors class. They develop research skills and analyze non-
fiction. There is special attention to preparing for the PSAT during the first semester as well as preparation 
for ACT and English II EOC.   
  
Honors information can be found under the Advanced Studies section.   
   
Reading: 1 Credit    
Grade 9 – 10   
 Prerequisites: English Language Arts 8 or 9 Teacher Recommendation    
   
This course is a comprehensive reading intervention course designed to help students who struggle with 
fluency and reading comprehension. Enrollment in this course is based on Teacher Recommendation 
and students’ Northwest Evaluation Association (NWEA) score.    
   
Reading/Writing Essentials: 1 Credit  
Grades 9 - 12  
   
Reading/Writing Essentials is specially designed instruction provided to eligible students who 
have demonstrated a need for additional support in the areas of reading and/or written 
expression.  Differentiated instructional strategies are provided to improve students’ understanding of the 
essential components of reading (phonemic awareness, phonics, vocabulary development, reading fluency 
and reading comprehension) and develop essential writing skills needed to be successful in the high school 

--- PAGE 7 ---
English Language Arts (ELA) curriculum.  Students in this course will receive individualized instruction to 
develop needed skills, as determined by their IEP goals.   
  
Enrollment in this course is based on the Individual Education Program (IEP) team decision.   
 
Speech: 0.5 Credit    
Grades 9 - 12    
Prerequisites: None    
   
Students will demonstrate an understanding and application of the techniques used in formal public 
speaking including listening skills, speech preparation, and research methods. Activities involve preparing 
speeches to inform, entertain and persuade as well as panel discussions and oral interpretation of 
literature. This course is designed for college-bound seniors or students entering the workforce 
who desire effective English communication skills.    
   
Yearbook: 1 Credit    
Grades 9 - 12    
Prerequisites: Student application and Teacher Recommendation    
   
Students selected for this course will have the responsibility of producing the high school yearbook. While 
planning the pages of the year- book, students will be instructed in basic principles of magazine layout and 
graphic arts. Students will also write feature stories to be used in the various sections of the 
yearbook. Students are required to sell advertising to finance the publication. Students are required to 
attend after-school activities and events on a frequent basis.    
  
 
Mathematics   
Algebra I: 1 Credit    
Grades 9-10   
Prerequisites: none    
   
This course will include operations on real numbers, solving equations and inequalities, analyzing various 
forms of functions (linear, quadratic, absolute value, exponential and sequences), and using introductory 
statistics to organize and make predictions. This course is the foundation for further mathematical 
understanding.    
   
Algebra II: 1 Credit    
Grades 9-12    
Prerequisites: Successful completion of Algebra I and Geometry   
   
This course includes the study of a variety of functions (linear, quadratic higher order polynomials, 
exponential, absolute value, logarithmic and rational) learning to graph, compare, perform operations and 
manipulate them to solve, analyze and apply to problems. Students will use probability and statistics to 
evaluate outcomes of decisions. Students develop rigorous problem-solving skills, logical reasoning, and 
mathematical communication skills required for success in higher math courses and real-life experiences.    
   
Algebra Plus: 1 Credit   
Grade 9   
Prerequisites: 8th Grade Math Teacher Recommendation   
   

--- PAGE 8 ---
This course is designed to provide 9th grade students with a strong foundation in the skills required to be 
Algebra-ready. Students will study proportional, algebraic, geometric, and statistical relationships. Students 
will enroll in Algebra I the following year.   
   
Dual Credit College Algebra: 1 Credit    
Grades 10-12    
Prerequisites: Successful completion of Algebra II with Teacher Recommendation or Honors Algebra II   
   
Review of elementary algebra, solution of equations, functions, exponential and logarithmic functions, 
inequalities, systems of linear equations, equations of second degree and their graphs, binomial theorem, 
complex numbers, and polynomials.    
  
Dual credit information can be found under the Advanced Studies section.   
   
Dual Credit Calculus: 1 Credit   
Grades 11-12    
Prerequisites: Successful completion of Dual Credit Precalculus with a C or higher and a Teacher 
Recommendation   
   
Dual Credit Calculus is designed for serious and motivated college-bound students planning to major in 
math, science, or engineering. It consists of an intense treatment of topics in Calculus with heavy emphasis 
on their theoretical basis. These topics include a continuation of integration, integration techniques, 
L’Hôpital’s Rule, and improper integrals.    
  
Dual credit information can be found under the Advanced Studies section.   
 
Dual Credit Precalculus: 1 Credit    
Grades 10-12    
   
Prerequisites: Successful completion of Algebra II or Algebra II Honors and Teacher Recommendation   
   
Review of elementary algebra, solution of equations, functions, inequalities, systems of linear equations, 
exponential and logarithmic functions, trigonometric functions, trigonometric identities, triangles, equations 
of second degree and their graphs, binomial theorem, complex numbers, and polynomials.    
  
Dual credit information can be found under the Advanced Studies section.   
   
Dual Credit Statistics: 1 Credit    
Grades 11-12    
 Prerequisites: Successful completion of Algebra II and Teacher Recommendation   
   
An introduction to descriptive and inferential statistics. Organization and presentation of data, averages 
and variations, elementary probability, random variables, special discrete distributions, normal distributions, 
sampling distributions, point estimation, confidence intervals, and hypothesis testing.    
  
Dual credit information can be found under the Advanced Studies section.   
   
Geometry: 1 Credit    
Grades 9-11    
Prerequisites: Successful completion of Algebra I   
   

--- PAGE 9 ---
This course involves the integration of logical reasoning and spatial visualization skills. It includes a study 
of deductive proofs and applications from Algebra, an intense study of polygons, and an introduction to 
Trigonometry. Students will be required to “think visually” while transferring information to real life 
problems.    
   
Honors Algebra II: 1 Credit    
Grades 9 - 12    
Prerequisites: Successful completion of Algebra I and Geometry and/or Teacher Recommendation   
   
The Algebra II Honors course includes all concepts covered in Algebra II at a more rigorous pace and 
intense level of study. Additional concepts include probability, statistics, and trigonometric functions.    
Honors information can be found under the Advanced Studies section.   
Honors Geometry: 1 Credit    
Grades 9 - 10    
Prerequisites: Successful completion of Algebra I and Teacher Recommendation   
   
A rigorous study of planes and coordinating geometry recommended for the college-bound student. This 
course will cover areas and volumes of plane and solid figures, coordinate geometry, and basic trans- 
formations in addition to the topics discussed in the regular Geometry class. During this intense study, 
students will develop visual skills and increase their ability to reason logically while preparing for success in 
higher-level math courses.    
  
Honors information can be found under the Advanced Studies section.   
 
Math Applications: 1 Credit    
Grade 12  
Prerequisites: Attempted completion of Algebra II and Math Teacher Recommendation   
   
The course allows students to see the differences between earning wages, earning a salary, and working on 
commission. Accurate checking and savings accounts are investigated as well as the pervasive and 
persuasive world of credit through banks and lenders. Calculating the cost of owning and operating a car 
with the necessity of good automobile insurance as well as ACT preparation and practice will also be 
discussed. Students will discover the many financial and lifestyle decisions they must make when choosing 
and sharing an apartment. Students explore higher-level mathematics in advanced algebra, probability, and 
discreet math applications which are used to solve real-life problems.    
  
Parallel Algebra A: 1 Credit    
Grade 9-12   
   
Parallel Algebra A is a specially designed instruction provided to eligible students who need 
to build prerequisite skills and algebraic foundations in preparation for the required End of Course 
exam.  The goal is for students to master the first half of the algebra benchmarks before moving on. 
Students will receive reinforcement of skills with appropriate scaffolding strategies in this small-group 
support class designed to ensure that all students can achieve if given the right support at the right 
time.  Grading is based on a district-wide benchmarking system in which students must pass a set of 
benchmarks to pass the course.  Domains will include building functions, interpreting functions, 
statistics/probability, number systems and quantities, seeing structure in expressions, reasoning with 
equations and inequalities, linear/quadratic and exponential modeling.   
   
 
 

--- PAGE 10 ---
Parallel Algebra B: 1 Credit     
Grade 9-12   
   
Parallel Algebra B is specially designed instruction provided to eligible students who need to build on 
prerequisite skills and algebraic foundations in preparation for the required End of Course exam.  The goal 
is for students to master the second half of the algebra benchmarks before moving on.  Students will 
receive reinforcement of skills with appropriate scaffolding strategies in this small-group support class 
designed to ensure that all students can achieve if given the right support at the right time.  Grading is 
based on a district-wide benchmarking system in which students must pass a set of benchmarks to pass 
the course.  Domains will include building functions, interpreting functions, statistics/probability, 
number systems and quantities, seeing structure in expressions, reasoning with equations and inequalities, 
linear/quadratic and exponential modeling.    
 
Science   
Anatomy & Physiology: 1 Credit    
Grades 10-12    
Prerequisites: Successful completion of Biology    
   
This course is designed to prepare students to pursue post-secondary education and careers 
in biomedical sciences. Students will explore each system of the human body with a detailed focus on 
anatomy and physiology. Models and diagrams will be used to learn components of each system. 
Laboratory work will include dissection and extensive organ dissections. Medical terminology will be 
emphasized in each system and application of knowledge will be necessary to solve difficult problems 
related to the human body.   
   
Advanced Placement Biology: 1 Credit    
Grades 11-12    
   
Prerequisites: Successful completion of Biology or Biology Honors and Science Teacher Recommendation.   
   
This course is designed to be the equivalent of a college introductory biology course usually taken by 
biology majors during their first year of college. Three major areas are covered which include molecules and 
cells, heredity and evolution, and organisms and populations. This is an intense laboratory-based course. 
Students are expected to take the AP exam in the spring.    
  
AP information can be found under the Advanced Studies section.   
 
Advanced Placement Chemistry: 1 Credit    
Grades 11-12     
Prerequisites: Successful completion of Chemistry with Teacher Recommendation and Algebra II   
   
Advanced Placement Chemistry is a college level chemistry course, which covers rates of reactions, 
chemical equilibrium, atomic structure and bonds, KSP, acid-base systems, oxidation- reduction, and 
qualitative analysis. Extensive laboratory activities are conducted throughout the course and detailed in a 
laboratory journal. Students are expected to take the AP exam in the spring.    
  
AP information can be found under the Advanced Studies section.   
   
Biology: 1 Credit    
Grade 10    

--- PAGE 11 ---
Prerequisites: none   
   
Biology is an introductory life science course which focuses on the interaction of living organisms and their 
environment. This course will focus on the diversity of organisms from their chemical properties through 
their ecological roles in the environment. In this class, there will be an emphasis on activities and laboratory 
exercises that will promote problem solving, refine laboratory procedures, and strengthen 
reading, writing, and math skills. Students will be encouraged to explore personal areas of interest within 
the topics we explore.   
   
Chemistry: 1 Credit    
Grades 10-12    
 Prerequisites: Successful completion of Biology or Honors Biology   
   
This is a yearlong course in Chemistry which builds upon the introductory material on Chemistry 
from Freshman year Physical Science. Anticipated topics include Properties of Matter, Periodic Properties, 
Chemical Bonding, Chemical Formula and Equation Writing, Stoichiometry, States of Matter, and Acids and 
Bases.    
 
Environmental Science: 1 Credit    
Grades 9-12   
Prerequisites: none    
   
Environmental Science is a year-long course designed to show thematic connections between a variety of 
science disciplines including biology, chemistry, and physics. It gives students a coherent and realistic 
picture of the applications of a variety of scientific concepts as they manifest in our environment. Students 
will focus on human population growth, natural resources, and ecosystem dynamics.    
   
Honors Biology: 1 Credit    
Grades 9-10    
Prerequisites: 8th Grade Science Teacher Recommendation   
    
This course is a prerequisite for Advanced Placement Biology and will focus on in-depth concepts in 
Biology. There will be a focus on three main themes: Molecules of Life, Heredity and Evolution, and 
Organisms and Populations.   
  
Honors information can be found under the Advanced Studies section.   
   
Honors Chemistry: 1 Credit    
Grades 10-12    
 Prerequisites: Successful completion of Biology Honors with Teacher Recommendation.   
   
Chemistry Honors is an in-depth examination of atomic theory and the periodic table, chemical reactions 
and stoichiometry, and an introduction to organic chemistry. It is suitable for students with an interest in 
science, especially those who are considering taking AP chemistry. This course is intensive and requires 
analytical and problem-solving skills in preparation for laboratory investigations and instruction of 
content.    
  
Honors information can be found under the Advanced Studies section.   
  
Honors Physical Science: 1 Credit    
Grades 9-12    

--- PAGE 12 ---
Prerequisites: 8th Grade Science Teacher Recommendation   
   
This course is an advanced introductory science course that helps students understand structures and 
properties of matter and changes that occur in the natural world. The first semester of physical science 
focuses on the study of physics, and covers the nature of science, motion, and forces. Newton’s three laws, 
energy, heat, waves, sound, light, electricity, and magnetism. The second semester focuses on the study of 
chemistry, and covers matter, atoms, elements, the periodic table, chemical bonding and reactions, 
radioactivity, nuclear reactions, and an introduction to organic chemistry. Each semester, students 
will participate in labs and activities.    
  
Honors information can be found under the Advanced Studies section.   
  
Horticulture: 1 credit  
Grades 10-12   
Prerequisites: None   
   
This course is a hands-on, science-based class designed to provide students with the foundational 
knowledge and practical skills needed for careers or further education in the "green industry." High school 
horticulture covers the science and art of growing plants, teaching practical skills in plant identification, 
propagation, landscape design, greenhouse management, soils, pest control, and floral design, while also 
exploring career paths in landscaping, nursery/retail, and agriculture through hands-on projects like 
planting, pruning, and maintaining school grounds or community gardens.     
   
Physical Science: 1 Credit    
Grades 9-12    
Prerequisites: none   
   
This course is an introductory, general science course that helps students understand structures and 
properties of matter and changes that occur in the natural world. The first semester of physical science 
focuses on the study of physics, and covers the nature of science, motion, and forces. Newton’s three laws, 
energy, heat, waves, sound, light, electricity, and magnetism. The second semester focuses on the study of 
chemistry, and covers matter, atoms, elements, the periodic table, chemical bonding and reactions, 
radioactivity, nuclear reactions, and an introduction to organic chemistry.   
   
Social Studies   
Advanced Placement United States Government and Politics: 1 Credit    
Grade 11   
Prerequisites: Successful completion of World History and American History or AP United States History 
and Teacher Recommendation   
   
Course Description: AP United States Government develops understanding and analytical perspective on 
government and politics in the United States. This course includes both the study of general concepts used 
to interpret U.S. politics and the analysis of specific examples. It requires familiarity with the various 
institutions, groups, beliefs, and ideas that constitute U.S. politics. Stu- dents are expected to take the AP 
exam in the spring. The state-manned Constitution exam is taken in this course.    
  
AP information can be found under the Advanced Studies section.   
   
Advanced Placement United States History: 1 Credit    
Grades 10-12    

--- PAGE 13 ---
Prerequisites: Successful completion of World History and Teacher Recommendation   
   
The AP United States History course is for students who wish to complete studies equivalent to an 
introductory college course in US History. Students should learn to assess historical materials, and to weigh 
the evidence and interpretations presented in historical scholarship. Students in this course are expected to 
take the AP exam in the spring.    
  
AP information can be found under the Advanced Studies section.   
   
Advanced Placement Psychology: 1 Credit    
Grades 10-12    
Prerequisites: Successful completion of Modern World History and Child Development II   
   
Advanced Placement Psychology is designed to introduce students to the systemic and scientific study of 
behavior and mental processes of human beings and other animals. Students are exposed to the 
psychological facts, principles, and phenomena associated with each of the major subfields within 
psychology. They also learn about the ethics and methods psychologists use in their science and practice. 
Students are expected to take the AP exam in the spring.    
  
AP information can be found under the Advanced Studies section.   
   
Global Connections: 0.5 Credit    
Grades 11-12    
Prerequisites: None    
   
This Social Studies elective course allows students to understand, analyze, assess, and appraise current 
events, historical contexts, and cultural relationships. Stu- dents will be exposed to a working knowledge of 
history, civics, geography, and economics to understand the attitudes and skills they need as global citizens 
in their own community and around the world.    
   
Government: 1 Credit    
Grade 11    
Prerequisites: Successful completion of Modern World History and American History or AP United States 
History   
    
This course provides a functional knowledge and practical understanding of the U.S. and Missouri 
Constitutions, all levels of government and the basics of our economic system. The state-manned 
Constitution exam is taken in this course.   
   
Honors Modern World History: 1 Credit    
Grade 9    
 Prerequisites: 8th Grade Social Studies Teacher Recommendation    
   
This course is designed to give students an opportunity to learn about the economic, political, and social 
developments that created the western civilization of which there are a part. The course begins with the 
Renaissance and Reformation and covers the major events in the world up to the Cold War.    
  
Honors information can be found under the Advanced Studies section.   
Modern American History: 1 Credit    
Grade 10    

--- PAGE 14 ---
Prerequisites: Successful completion of World History    
   
Course Description: This course reviews the Civil War in light of Reconstruction. The course emphasizes 
20th Century America in the modern world. Missouri history, American government and economics are 
included as appropriate.    
  
Honors information can be found under the Advanced Studies section.   
  
Modern World History: 1 Credit    
Grade 9    
Prerequisites: None    
   
This course provides insight into multiple cultures, ideas, and geographical influences worldwide from the 
post Renaissance period through the 20th Century.    
   
Sociology: 0.5 Credit    
Grades 10-12   
Prerequisites: Successful completion of World History and Child Development   
   
In this Social Studies elective, students will explore the origins of our values/beliefs and behaviors and 
society’s behaviors as well as explore the concepts and theories necessary to understand society. Topics 
include considering sociology as science, the nature of large-and small-scale groups, social stratification, 
historical eras and social change, and race, ethnic, and gender relations.    
   
Psychology: 1 Credit   
Grades 10-12   
Prerequisites: Successful completion of Child Development   
   
In this Social Studies elective, students participate in a fascinating survey of the mind and behavior, acting 
like a "tasting menu" of different psychology fields, covering brain function, mental health, social dynamics, 
learning, memory, and human development, with a mix of textbook learning, discussions, and sometimes 
writing, all aimed at making sense of why people do what they do. It's highly relevant to teens, exploring 
peer pressure, stress, prejudice, and personal growth, often involving reading theories, analyzing research, 
and applying concepts to real life. 
 
 
Business & Communication   
Accounting: 1 Credit    
Grades: 11-12    
Prerequisites: Successful completion of Business Technology   
   
Accounting will help students that wish to study business in college, operate his/her own business, or just 
know more about financial topics that will help throughout his/her financial life. Accounting is a language of 
business. Anyone planning a career/college major in any area of business should enroll in this course. This 
course introduces students to recording transactions from source documents, posting journal entries to 
ledger accounts, checking accuracy, and preparing financial statements. Students will complete both 
manual and computerized accounting simulations. Excel spreadsheets and/or accounting software 
are utilized.    
 
Advanced Marketing: 1 Credit   

--- PAGE 15 ---
Grades 11-12    
Prerequisites: Successful completion of Marketing Concepts. Must be a member in good standing with 
DECA   
   
Advanced Marketing includes advanced study in business, management and entrepreneurship, 
communication, interpersonal skills, economics and professional skills development. Students will conduct 
in-depth marketing research projects that incorporate all aspects of marketing. It is required that all 
marketing students join DECA within the first two weeks of school.    
 
Broadcast Journalism: 1 Credit   
Grades 11-12    
Prerequisites: Successful completion of Video Production   
   
Students focus on video technology skills acquired in Video Production. Students gain hands-on experience 
by writing, directing, and editing their own projects and features for Hive TV.   
   
Business Law: 0.5 Credit   
Grades 10-12    
Prerequisite: Successful completion of Introduction to Business and Computer Business Applications   
  
This course is designed to introduce students to the study of business law through a brief look at how law 
developed, the legal system in the United States, the functions of federal, state and local court systems, and 
civil and contract law. Students will explore developing enforceable contracts, corporate structures, and tort 
law.    
 
Business Technology: 0.5 Credit    
Grades 10-12    
Prerequisites: Successful completion of Introduction to Business and Computer Business Applications   
   
Business Technology is intended to provide a solid foundation to students in office technology with 
reference to careers and career opportunities and provide a working knowledge of how to begin and 
complete a job search. This course is designed to prepare students for employment in a business-related 
field.     
   
Computer Business Applications: 0.5 Credit   
Grades 9-12 
   
Prerequisites: Successful completion of Introduction to Business   
   
This course is designed to help students review and master beginning and advanced skills in the areas of 
word processing, spreadsheet applications, multimedia, internet usage, and integrated software 
applications.    
 
Dual Credit Entrepreneurship: 1 Credit    
Grades 11-12    
Prerequisites: Successful completion Entrepreneurship and Entrepreneurship Teacher Recommendation   
   
This course introduces students to the excitement and challenges of building their own businesses. It 
focuses on identifying and evaluating entrepreneurial opportunities, as well as identifying what it takes to 
get a new venture off the ground. The course is enriched with real-life examples, including case studies of 
start-ups and personal stories from local entrepreneurs. The instructor emphasizes active, hands-on 

--- PAGE 16 ---
learning; additionally, student teams will get a taste for starting and running a company through a 
computerized business simulation. Students may choose to take this course for dual credit.    
  
Dual credit information can be found under the Advanced Studies section.   
   
Dual Credit Leadership: 0.5 Credit    
Grades 11 - 12    
Prerequisites: none    
   
This course is available for students with a sincere interest in leadership, how it relates to their current roles 
as students, and their future roles as productive, professional adults. The primary outcomes for this course 
will be the development of leadership skills and social action experience. Emphasis will be placed on the 
study of democratic and political processes, public speaking, goal setting, event and project planning, 
school service, parliamentary procedure, agenda mapping, committee processes, and meeting facilitation.    
  
Dual credit information can be found under the Advanced Studies section.   
   
Entrepreneurship: 1 Credit    
Grades 10-12    
Prerequisites: Successful completion of Marketing Concepts   
   
Entrepreneurship teaches students how to start and run their own real businesses, identify feasible business 
ideas, write professional business plans, create marketing materials, pitch to a panel of live investors, and 
launch their products or services at a public trade show. By the end of the program, each student has a real 
business to run, and the skills needed to be successful workers, leaders, and entrepreneurs for the rest of 
their lives.      
 
Hospitality & Management: 0.5 Credit   
Grades 9-12   
Prerequisites: None   
   
Hospitality & Management introduces students to the world of hospitality and tourism. In this course, you 
will learn about opportunities in event planning, recreation management, hotel and restaurant 
operations, tourism and travel.    
  
Introduction to Business: 0.5 Credit    
Grades 9-12   
Prerequisites: None    
   
This course gives students an understanding of economic systems and consumerism, providing the 
resources needed for students to explore business careers and entrepreneurship. The content in this area is 
vital to the career planning of business students as they develop workplace and personal skills including 
knowledge of banking, credit, taxes, insurance, investment, and personal finance.    
   
Marketing at Work: 1 Credit    
Grade 12    
Prerequisites: Successful completion of Advanced Marketing and Marketing Teacher Recommendation   
   
Students enrolled in Marketing at Work are involved in a supervised work study program in the field of 
Marketing Education. Work Experience provides a transition into the workplace and practice needed to 

--- PAGE 17 ---
prepare students for future employment in a business marketing setting. Students must show proof of 
employment prior to enrollment in the class.     
   
Marketing Concepts: 1 Credit    
Grades 10-12    
Prerequisites: Successful completion of Introduction to Business and Computer Business Applications   
   
Marketing Concepts develops student understanding of distribution, financing, marketing information 
management, pricing, product/service management, promotion, and selling. Students enrolled in Marketing 
Concepts participate in DECA, a student organization that provides opportunities for students 
to demonstrate their mastery of the marketing curriculum in competitive events, to develop leadership skills, 
and to exhibit awareness of civic responsibilities. DECA can assist students in receiving scholarships, 
building a successful resume, and networking with business professionals.    
   
 
Personal Finance: 0.5 Credit   
Grade 11    
Prerequisites: None    
Personal Finance is a graduation requirement   
   
This is a one-semester course which fulfills the Personal Finance graduation requirement. Content includes 
information to encourage students to become rational, competent members of the work resources; financial 
services and responsibilities; responsible use of credit responsibilities of consumers.    
   
Sports Journalism: 1 Credit   
Grades 11-12   
Prerequisites: Successful completion of Video Production   
   
Sports Journalism students will continue to focus on broadcast communications skills, processes of 
production and operation of video lab equipment for the purpose of producing live sports broadcasts and 
sports studio shows. Students will work behind and in front of the camera, in production and on-air roles. 
Additionally, students will interview coaches and players, gather statistics and research, create a run-down, 
and produce graphics and other content for live streaming.    
   
Video Production: 1 Credit    
Grades 10-12    
Prerequisites: Successful completion of Introduction to Business and Computer Business Applications   
   
This course introduces broadcast communications skills, processes of production and operation of video 
lab equipment. Students plan and organize elements of production including storyboarding, script writing, 
camera use, sound, and video editing.  
  
  
Health & Human Services   
Advanced Placement Spanish: 1 Credit   
Grades 11-12   
Prerequisites: Successful completion of Spanish III   
   

--- PAGE 18 ---
This course emphasizes communication by applying interpersonal, interpretive, and presentational skills in 
real-life situations. This includes vocabulary usage, language control, communication strategies, and 
cultural awareness. This course is primarily taught in Spanish.    
  
AP information can be found under the Advanced Studies section.   
   
Childcare: 0.5 Credit    
Grades 9-12    
Prerequisites: Successful completion of Child Development    
   
This course will provide advanced study in child development and guidance. Students will learn practical 
skills related to guidance and caring for children of various ages in the following areas: physical, 
social, moral, and intellectual. Students will learn the process of creating a childcare facility. Observation 
and possible limited experiences in childcare settings will complete this course.   
   
Child Development: 0.5 Credit    
Grades 9-12    
Prerequisites: None    
   
Child Development provides information about the intellectual, social, emotional, and biological 
development of children and the skills needed to care for children. Skills related to parent and child, 
parenting practices, special needs of children, and parental environmental influences on child development. 
The course will also address the importance of providing appropriate care and guidance for children.    
  
Nutrition & Wellness: 0.5 Credit    
Grades 9-12    
Prerequisites: None    
   
This course is intended to help students understand the principles of nutrition as well as the 
relationship between nutrition to health and wellness. Students will also solve problems related to health 
and wellness, as well as food needs through the application of mathematics and science principles; and 
make responsible decisions involving family and individual food needs, the use of the food dollar and the 
care of food.    
   
Dual Credit Spanish: 1 Credit    
Grade 12   
Prerequisites: Successful completion of Spanish III    
   
Dual Credit Spanish emphasizes the development of Spanish structures and active vocabulary based on oral 
and written pattern drills. Conversation based on short dialogue containing only structures already 
practiced. Cultural content is the context for every single assignment and activity that permeates the 
grammar and vocabulary lessons. Students may choose to take this course for dual credit.    
  
Dual credit information can be found under the Advanced Studies section.   
   
Dual Credit Teacher Education: 1 Credit   
Grades: 12    
Prerequisites: Successful completion of Child Care, Sociology or Psychology and English 11   
   

--- PAGE 19 ---
Cadet teaching is an introductory teaching course designed to encourage and help high school students 
who are interested in entering the teaching profession. Cadet teaching (as an elective course) affords 
students an opportunity to work in the classroom under an experienced, enthusiastic teacher to better 
understand the teaching profession. Second semester includes practicum experience where students are 
embedded in elementary buildings to support teachers and gain real world experience in the 
classroom. Students may choose to take this course for dual credit.    
  
Dual credit information can be found under the Advanced Studies section.   
  
First Responders: 1 Credit   
Grades 11-12   
Prerequisites: Successful completion of PLTW Human Body Systems   
   
This course offers students a hands-on exploration of various emergency response careers through guest 
speakers from different fields. During the course, students will gain insight into the challenges and rewards 
of these professions.    
   
Spanish I: 1 Credit    
Grades 9-12   
Prerequisites: None    
   
This course is an introduction to the Spanish language with emphasis on pronunciation and conversation 
comprehension. A study of vocabulary and elementary structure of the language is reinforced through 
reading, writing, speaking, and listening.   
   
Spanish II: 1 Credit   
Grades 10-12   
Prerequisites: Successful completion of Spanish I    
   
The second-year emphasis continues with conversation, listening comprehension, reading and writing in 
Spanish. A review of structure is done with emphasis on the indicative mood. The student will become 
acquainted with the history and geography of the Latino cultures.    
 
Spanish III: 1 Credit    
Grades 11-12   
Prerequisites: Successful completion of Spanish II    
   
Course Description: In the third year the emphasis is a continuation of improving listening skills, 
conversational skills, reading and grammatical structures in Spanish. Students will continue to learn the 
history and geography of Spanish-speaking cultures. There is a reinforcement of the past tenses with 
acquisition of new tenses including an introduction to subjunctives and commands.    
   
Sports Medicine and Athletic Training: 1 Credit    
Grades: 11-12    
Prerequisites: Successful completion of Biology and PLTW Human Body Systems   
   
This course will introduce fields such as athletic training, physical therapy, medicine, fitness, physiology of 
exercise, kinesiology, and nutrition. It will provide an opportunity for the study and application of the com- 
ponents of sports medicine, athletic injuries, rehabilitation, taping and wrap- ping techniques, first aid, CPR, 
emergency procedures, human anatomy and physiology and therapeutic modalities/exercise.   
   

--- PAGE 20 ---
Emerging Technology: 0.5 Credit   
Grades 10-12   
Prerequisites: Successful completion of PLTW IED or Design and Teacher Recommendation   
   
This course focuses on practical application of new technologies that enable companies to remain relevant 
in a turbulent business environment. During the course, students will develop an understanding of new 
technologies, their impact on business, and applicability in different business scenarios as well as how to 
ensure their scalable implementation and proper planning.  
   
  
Fine Arts (Performing Arts)   
  
Acting: 1 Credit    
Grades 9-12    
Prerequisites: Successful completion of Theatre Arts   
    
This year-long course offers students the opportunity to further develop their performance skills, focusing 
on Devised Acting techniques. Devised Acting focuses on scene study, improvisation, directing, movement, 
script analysis, and writing. Students will write, produce, and perform an original production, which will be 
open to the public. Students should expect to be challenged.    
 Technical Theater: 0.5 Credit    
Grades 10-12    
Prerequisites: Successful completion of Theatre Arts.   
   
This course is designed to aid students in the basic technical elements of theatre. Areas studied include 
tools, building of scenery, designing of scenery, costumes, make-up, the basic elements of a publicity 
campaign, lighting and lighting design, lumber and how to prepare a budget for expenses for production. 
Students will help build production of the main stage shows. Advanced students will have the opportunity to 
explore an area of specialization and mentor novices.     
  
Theater Arts: 1 Credit    
Grades 9-12    
Prerequisites: none    
   
This course is designed for students interested in the basics of theatre. Students will study an overview of 
theatre history, acting and directing, technical design and construction, and script analysis and writing. 
Students will occasionally perform in class. Participation in main stage shows is encouraged but 
not required.    
   
Center Choir: 1 Credit    
Grades 9-12    
Prerequisite: Choir Director Recommendation   
   
Members of the Choir are challenged to develop advanced voice skills, music reading skills, and choral 
singing skills through the study of a variety of musical styles from all periods of history. Participation in at 
least one performance each quarter is required as well as participation in the District Music Festival and 
spring concert tour. Attendance is required at all rehearsals and performances.   
  
Concert Band: 0.5 Credit    
Grades 10-12    

--- PAGE 21 ---
Prerequisite: Successful completion of Marching Band and Band Director Recommendation   
   
Concert Band presents four concerts, hosts a guest clinician, and participates in State Festival. Individual 
members of the ensemble may participate in District/ State Solo and Small Ensemble festivals 
and participate in honor bands. Attendance is required at all rehearsals and performances.   
 
Freshmen Band: 1 Credit   
Grade 9   
Prerequisite: 8th Grade Band Director Recommendation  
   
This class is designed around highly advanced musical content and requires quality musicianship and self-
discipline.  The course refines skills in tone production, rhythm study, music notation, dynamics, 
articulation, musical style, and expression.  Performances are a major part of this course.  The members of 
this band combine with the other Band courses to make up the Marching Band.  The marching band appears 
at all home football games and competes in marching competitions. Attendance is required at all rehearsals 
and performances.   
   
Jazz Band: 0.5 Credit    
Grades 10-12    
Prerequisite: Band Director Recommendation   
   
Jazz Band is an auditioned band that focuses on performance. Attendance is required at all rehearsals and 
performances.   
   
Marching Band: 0.5 Credit    
Grades 10-12    
Prerequisite: Teacher Recommendation   
   
Marching Band is open to anyone enrolled in the Center High School Band program. This 
ensemble represents Center High School at each home football game, other school activities, in local 
parades, and in regional competitions. There is a mandatory one-week camp during the summer. During the 
school year rehearsals are held each school day during the first period. Practice and events inside of the 
school day are required for the All-District Band and All-State Band. Students must meet MSHSAA and CHS 
Extracurricular participation requirements to enroll in this class. Attendance is required at all rehearsals and 
performances.   
   
Music Appreciation: 0.5 Credit    
Grades 9-12    
Prerequisites: none  
   
Students will grow their understanding of music as they listen to classics from the Baroque period through 
the Jazz Age. Students will develop their ear to identify instruments, musical pieces, and musical periods by 
their sound. Students will also learn music terminology and music theory to express in 
writing accurate descriptions of music.    
   
 
Show and Jazz Choir: 0.5 Credit    
Grades 10-12    
Prerequisite: Choir Director Recommendation    
   

--- PAGE 22 ---
Show and Jazz choir is an auditioned choir that focuses on performance. This class incorporates Modern 
Pop, Theatre, and jazz music along with staging, choreography, and live accompaniment. Attendance 
is required at all rehearsals and performances.  
  
   
Fine Arts (Creative)  
Ceramics & Sculpture: 0.5 CR    
Grades 9-12    
Prerequisites: None    
   
Provides a comprehensive study of methods of sculpture, hand-built clay construction, and basic wheel 
throwing techniques. Students explore three-dimensional design while developing both useful and 
sculptural forms. Creativity and quality craftsmanship are emphasized.    
Design: 0.5 CR  
Grades 9-12    
Prerequisites: None    
   
This one-semester course is an exploration of digital design skills using the elements of art and principles 
of design. Students will create artwork using multiple digital platforms.   
   
Drawing and Painting: 0.5 CR    
Grades 9-12    
Prerequisites: None    
   
This course promotes commitment to the area of drawing and painting through the study of perspective, 
still life, texture imitation, figure, portraiture, and design. Various drawing materials are used by students to 
enhance both realistic and abstract drawing skills. Art history is also used as a basis for some projects.    
 
Honors Art: 0.5 Credit    
Grades 11-12    
Prerequisites: Successful completion of at least one semester (.5 credit) of Art and Teacher 
Recommendation   
   
This highly individualized and rigorous general art course is designed to help students develop the skills 
necessary to create quality art- work appropriate for a college-entrance portfolio. Each semester, students 
will work individually with the instructor to develop and then execute a series of major projects. Possible 
areas of study include, but are not limited to art, historical inquiry, identity/ cultural studies, and 
material/process-based technical skills (i.e. drawing, painting, sculpture, ceramics, and 
photography). Personal initiative, involvement, and development are critical for successful completion of 
this course. Students will be expected to complete regularly assigned out-of-class sketchbook assignments 
and con- tribute to formal and informal as well as written and oral critiques. 
 
 
Physical Education   
Foundations of Physical Education: 0.5 Credit    
Grade 9    
Prerequisites: None    

--- PAGE 23 ---
This course applies to the principles, practices, and the importance of lifelong fitness. Students 
participate in fitness evaluations to determine fitness goals and participate in a variety of activities 
to promote overall fitness and health. As a result, students will be able to continue to apply the 
connection between health and regular physical activity after completing this course. This course 
cannot be repeated.    
   
Health: 0.5 Credit    
Grades 10-12    
Prerequisites: None    
   
Health class through the study of nutrition, fitness, exercise, stress management, disease 
prevention, and substance abuse prevention, and understanding of the body systems will enable 
students to make life long, healthy decisions. Content learned in this course will provide 
foundational knowledge applicable to each student’s individual success setting short term and 
long-term healthy living goals.    
   
Team Sports: 0.5 Credit    
Grades 10 - 12    
Prerequisites: Successful completion of Foundations of Physical Education    
   
Sports and Recreation focus upon rules, etiquette and skill techniques for a variety of sports and 
recreational activities. Students will participate in fitness testing and fitness activities in the 
course. Students will experience the connection between personal health and regular physical 
activity.    
   
Weight Training & Conditioning: 0.5 Credit    
Grades 10 - 12    
Prerequisites: Successful completion of Foundations of Physical Education    
   
This introductory course emphasizes the development of effective weight training and proper 
lifting techniques. This course includes the concepts of physical education and the development of 
personal fitness.  
   
 
STEAM & Design Academy   
Computer Hardware and Operating Systems (CHAOS): 1 Credit    
Grades 10-12    
Prerequisites: Successful completion of PLTW Computer Science Essentials    
   
CHAOS prepares students for the Test Out PC Pro and CompTIA A+ certification exams. Students 
use multiple learning formats to learn how to install, manage, and secure computer hardware and 
master home and corporate OS environments. Students will learn the skills required to work as an 
IT support professional. They will learn to install, repair, configure, secure, and manage computer 
hardware, operating systems, and software in home or corporate environments. Additionally, 
communication, listening, and analysis skills are essential for interacting with customers.   
   

--- PAGE 24 ---
Project Lead the Way Computer Science Essentials: 1 Credit    
Grades 9-12    
Prerequisites: Successful completion of Algebra I or higher   
   
With emphasis on computational thinking and collaboration, this yearlong course provides an 
excellent entry point for students to begin or continue the PLTW Computer Science K-12 
experience. Computer Science Essentials will expose students to a diverse set of computational 
thinking concepts, fundamentals, and tools, allowing them to gain understanding and build 
confidence.    
   
Project Lead the Way Engineering Design and Development: 1 Credit   
Grades 11-12    
Prerequisites: Successful completion of PLTW POE and Geometry or higher   
   
Engineering Design and Development (EDD) is an engineering research course in which students 
work in teams to research, design, test, and construct a solution to an open-ended engineering 
problem. This course is part of the Project Lead the Way (PLTW) engineering curriculum, a 
capstone project. The product development life cycle and design process are used to guide the 
team to reach a solution to the problem. The team presents and defends their solution to a panel 
of outside reviewers at the conclusion of the course. The (EDD) course allows students to apply all 
the skills and knowledge learned in previous pre-engineering courses.   
  
Project Lead the Way Introduction to Engineering Design: 1 Credit   
Grades 9-12    
Prerequisites: Successful completion of Algebra I or higher   
   
Students use a problem-solving model to improve existing products and invent new ones, and they 
apply this model to solve problems in and out of the classroom. Using sophisticated three-
dimensional modeling software, students communicate the details of products. Emphasis is 
placed on analyzing potential solutions and communicating ideas to others.    
   
Project Lead the Way Human Body Systems: 1 Credit    
Grades: 10 - 12    
Prerequisites: Successful completion of PLTW Principles of Biomedical Sciences   
   
Students examine the interactions of human body systems as they explore identity, power, 
movement, protection, and homeostasis in the body. Exploring science in action, students build 
organs and tissues on a skeletal Maniken®; use data acquisition software to monitor body 
functions such as muscle movement, reflex and voluntary action, and respiration; and take on the 
roles of biomedical professionals to solve real-world medical cases.   
   
Project Lead the Way Principles of Biomedical Sciences: 1 Credit    
Grades 9-12    
Prerequisites: None    
   
In the introductory course of the PLTW Biomedical Science program, students explore concepts of 
biology and medicine to determine factors that led to the death of a fictional person. While 

--- PAGE 25 ---
investigating the case, students examine autopsy reports, investigate medical history, and explore 
medical treatments that might have prolonged the person’s life. The activities and projects 
introduce students to human physiology, basic biology, medicine, and research processes while 
allowing them to design their own experiments to solve problems.    
 
Project Lead the Way Principles of Engineering: 1 Credit    
Grades 10 - 12    
Prerequisites: Successful completion of PLTW IED and Geometry or higher   
   
Students enrolled in PLTW Principles of Engineering explore a wide variety of careers in 
engineering and technology and cover various technology systems and manufacturing processes. 
Using activities, projects and problems, students learn firsthand how engineers and technicians 
use math, science, and technology in an engineering problem-solving process to benefit people. 
The course also addresses concerns about the social and political consequences of technological 
change.   
   
Robotics Technology: 1 Credit    
Grades 10-12   
Prerequisites: Successful completion of PLTW Computer Science Essentials    
   
Students will be introduced to various engineering concepts to build a functional robot guided by 
the FIRST Tech Challenge curriculum. Students will be immersed in the design process and 
learning various programming languages as well as the components necessary to build a 
robot. Students will use collaborative skills to develop an innovative solution to a real-world 
problem. There will be class engineering challenges using the radio-controlled TETRIX robotic 
system and smart phones equipped with Bluetooth capabilities. Careers in robotics, programming, 
and engineering will be discussed. Students will also explore various real-world problems and work 
as a collaborative group to develop an innovative solution to an engineering or environmental 
challenge facing our society. Students will explore basic Auto-CAD and use these skills 
to create 3D print prototypes for innovative solution projects.   
   
Trades I: Beginning Woodshop: 1 Credit    
Grades 9-11    
Prerequisites: None    
   
This course gives students an introduction to the hands-on world of skilled trades. Students will 
learn important skills in measurement, safety, and basic power tool usage. Students will work to 
create four finished projects throughout the semester-long course. Beginner Woodshop is the first 
course in the Skilled Trades course tree. Completion of the Skilled Trades program will lead to 
industry certifications and skills that will prepare students to immediately enter skilled trade 
apprenticeship programs after graduating from Center High School.   
 
Trades II: Advanced Woodshop: 1 Credit    
Grades 10-12    
Prerequisites: Successful completion of Trades I: Beginning Woodshop    
  

--- PAGE 26 ---
This course will engage students with more complex skills in measuring, cutting, and joining 
wooden materials. Students will learn how to use more advanced math techniques which will allow 
for more complex de- signs. Students will also learn finishing skills such as routing, painting, and 
staining to provide a more professional look to their projects. Completion of the Skilled Trades 
program will lead to industry certifications and skills that will prepare students 
to immediately enter skilled trade apprenticeship programs after graduating from Center High 
School.    
  
Trades III: Woodshop Capstone: 1 Credit    
Grades 11-12    
 Prerequisites: Successful completion of Trades II: Advanced Woodshop and Teacher Recommendation   
   
Woodshop Capstone is the third course in the Woodshop course tree. Students will review skills learned 
in previous classes before participating in the planning process for a large-scale, individual project. 
Students will utilize 3D CAD software to create a design. They will then carry that design to an actual 
product that is created over the course of the semester. Students will complete one project each semester.   
  
  
Other Electives   
Staff Aide   
Grades 11-12   
Prerequisites: Teacher and Administration Recommendation   
   
A high school student aide supports teachers and staff by helping with classroom tasks, supervising 
students, and handling administrative duties, essentially acting as an assistant to create a better learning 
environment, which can involve tutoring peers, grading simple assignments, organizing materials, managing 
attendance, running errands, or helping with special needs students.     
   
Independent Study   
Grades 11-12   
Prerequisites: Teacher and Administrator Recommendation   
   
A high school independent study is a flexible, alternative learning path where motivated students pursue 
specific subjects or in-depth projects with teacher guidance but less direct supervision, allowing them to 
earn credit for exploring interests not offered in regular classes or to work at their own pace, developing 
self-discipline and responsibility. It involves creating a customized learning plan, often with a proposal, and 
can range from self-designed curricula to pre-packaged programs with weekly teacher check-ins, homework, 
and tests.     
   
Elevate Leadership Development: 1 Credit   
Grades 10-12   
Prerequisites: Successful completion of Intro to Elevate: Character Ed   
    
Be the spark that ignites positive change in our city by taking part in one of the most impactful national 
leadership programs in the nation. Through fun, interactive, and engaging experiences focused on 13-
character qualities and life skills, you’ll learn what it means to be a leader in your own life and act as an 
agent of social change in the lives of others. By choosing to be an Elevater, you can create a social 
movement by building long-term, life-changing relationships through being a Teacher-Mentor to elementary-
aged students.      
   

--- PAGE 27 ---
Introduction to Elevate: Character Education: 1 Credit   
Grade 9   
Prerequisites: none    
   
Introduction to Elevate is a highly engaging and interactive learning experience. Students will learn about 
their passions and how to translate those passions into action to create positive change in the world. To 
prepare students for such an audacious adventure, they will have a chance to discover the wisdom of their 
past, the power of their present, and how to create a bold future.     
   
Honors Seminar: No Credit   
Grades 11-12   
Prerequisites: Library Teacher Recommendation   
   
The course is designed to allow students the opportunity to use a designated class period during the seven-
period school day to balance the rigorous coursework required of 3 or more weighted (AP and/or dual 
credit) classes as designated in the Center High School Course of Study.  The hour may also be utilized to 
work on computer assisted instruction related to class tutorials and ACT Online Preparation.    
  
  
Off-Campus Real-World Learning Opportunities   
Herndon Career Center   
The Herndon Career Center is supported by the Consolidated School District No. 2 (Raytown), in cooperation 
with five other area school districts. The five participating school districts include: Center 58, Grandview C-
IV, Hickman Mills C-I, Independence 30, and Lee's Summit R-VII.  Within the six districts are eleven high 
schools: Center, Grandview, Lee's Summit, Lee's Summit North, Lee’s Summit West, Raytown, Raytown 
South, Ruskin, Truman, Van Horn, and William Chrisman. The Herndon Career Center provide students high-
quality, in-demand workforce training, college preparation and entrepreneurial programs in a fiscally 
responsible manner. Herndon supports citizenship and service central to the development of 
students.   Please click on the link below for additional information: 
Herndon Career Center: Home 
 
170700 Advertising Art & Graphic Design I       
11-12 Grade   
  
3.0 Credits, 2 Semesters, Herndon Career Center - Building B.    
Prerequisite(s): Minimum 2.0 GPA; 90 % attendance record; successful completion of English II and Algebra 
I with a C or better. Recommended: Introduction to Visual Arts, Graphic Design I & II.   
  
 First year curriculum consists of an in-depth study and application of Adobe Creative Suite, 
specifically Adobe InDesign, Illustrator and Photoshop. This course will prepare students to 
continue their training and education in the design and print industry. The emphasis is on 
advertising and business design, creative problem solving and workflow, artistic critiques, print 
production, branding, and the use of technology in design to develop skills necessary for continuing 
education. Students will engage in client-connected design and print 
production utilizing commercial printing equipment. Students receive Adobe Certified Associate 
Certificate and OSHA-10 training. As such, appropriate footwear and safety standards must be 
adhered to in the classroom and shop environments.    
   
 
 

--- PAGE 28 ---
170700 Advertising Art & Graphic Design II          
12 Grade   
   
3.0 Credits   2 Semesters Herndon Career Center Building B.    
Prerequisite(s): ≥ 90% attendance and a minimum grade of B- in Advertising & Graphic Design I. Students 
must have earned their Adobe Certified Associate Certificate and obtained their OSHA 10 card.    
  
Second year students will continue to build their foundation by expanding their two-dimensional 
design skills and advancing their visual communication skills by exploring a variety of design 
processes and techniques, as well as compositional and aesthetic concepts. Students will follow 
Adobe Certification Criteria and work towards Adobe Certification. Students in the second year of 
this program will serve in a management role as they work directly with client relationships and 
engage in professional opportunities. Second year students will also serve as project managers and 
lead a team of students in creative client projects.    
   
016711 Animal Health Science I          
11-12 Grade   
   
3.0 Credits, 2 Semesters, Kansas City Zoo & Aquarium. Prerequisite(s): Minimum 2.0 GPA; 90 % attendance 
record; successful completion of English II and Algebra I with a C or better; Biology Grade of C or better.   
  
This hands-on, project-based career exploration course will allow students an opportunity to 
discover a variety of options in the animal health industry. Students will learn from professionals in 
the fields of large animals, marine animals, small animals, exotics, wildlife, and animal 
research. Students will practice soft skills and professionalism both in the classroom and through 
an earned internship second semester. Classroom location for Animal Health Sciences is at the 
Kansas City Zoo. This program is eligible for 1-4 credits of dual credit work through Northwest 
Missouri State University. Students should be prepared to complete and present a comprehensive, 
year-long passion project. Students must provide their own transportation.    
  
016711 Animal Health Science II           
12 Grade   
  
3.0 Credits, 2 Semesters, Kansas City Zoo & Aquarium. 2nd Year Prerequisite:    
Students must meet eligibility requirements including 90% attendance at HCC, a cumulative Animal 
Health Science I grade of 80% or higher, and a positive internship evaluation from first year second 
semester internship. Students must also desire to be out in industry on an internship setting 
totaling at least 8 hours per week and take on the role of mentors to the first-
year students. Students engaging in second year programming should be prepared to complete and 
present an advanced, year-long passion project. Students must provide their own transportation.   
  
170301 Auto Collision & Repair Technology I       
11-12 Grade   
  
3.0 Credits, 2 Semesters, Herndon Career Center - Building B   
Prerequisite(s): Min 2.0 GPA; 90% attendance record; successful completion of English II and Algebra I with 
a C or better. Recommended: Industrial technology, metalwork, art, and computer skills.    
  
This course is the first year of a two-year program designed to prepare students for entry-level jobs 
repairing and refinishing damaged collision vehicles. Employment opportunities exist in automotive 
dealerships, independent repair shops, specialty shops, or fleet operations. Students will learn 
to identify and locate cosmetic and structural panels used in construction of vehicles using 
program trainer vehicles. Students will be able to identify and use collision repair tools with 

--- PAGE 29 ---
current industry standards and demonstrate the safe use of auto body hand and power tools in shop 
activities. Students will learn basic mig-welding techniques as used in panel replacement and will 
learn to demonstrate the ability to set up and operate welding equipment used in the repair of major 
collision damage. Students will learn industry standard metal straightening techniques used to 
return damaged panels to factory specifications. Students will be eligible to earn their OSHA-10 
safety card and their I-CAR Pro Level i Body Non-structural Certification during the first year of this 
program. Appropriate dress and safety standards are always required within the shop 
environment.   
  
170301 Auto Collision & Repair Technology II       
12 Grade   
  
3.0 Credits, 2 Semesters, Herndon Career Center - Building B   
Prerequisite(s): ≥ 90% attendance and ≥ B- or better in Auto Collision & Repair Technology I; ICAR badges 
and OSHA 10 card.   
  
This course is the second year of a two-year program designed to further develop skills for entry-
level or advanced positions in the automotive collision industry. Students will expand their 
knowledge gained in year one by working on client projects and learning appropriate 
mechanical services necessary in the field. Second-year content includes color theory, color 
matching techniques, and the safe set up and use of HVLP paint equipment. Students will practice 
industry techniques related to the refinish process, including basecoat and clearcoat application, 
mixing multi-stage finishes, and identifying and addressing refinishing defects. Students will be 
eligible to earn the I-CAR Pro Level 1 Refinish Technician certification.   
 
 997001 Behavioral Health I       
11-12 Grade   
  
3.0 Credits, 2 Semesters, Herndon Career Center - Building C.    
Prerequisite(s): Min 2.0 GPA; 90% attendance record; successful completion of English II and Algebra I with 
a C or better   
   
The Behavioral Health program supports students interested in careers in the behavioral health 
field. It provides a comprehensive understanding of fundamental concepts and practices under the 
umbrellas of Psychology and Sociology to equip students with skills to support individuals facing 
behavioral health challenges, promote mental well-being, and improve community mental health. 
Students will engage in lecture-style, conversational learning, and demonstrate skills through case 
studies, roleplays, and activities such as projects and presentations. Entry-level roles include direct 
service professional or registered behavior technician, while long-term career paths may 
include counselors, social workers, psychiatrists, or behavior analysts. Students can earn and 
complete OSHA-10, Mental Health First Aid, and BLS Heartsaver Certification.    
   
997001 Behavioral Health II        
12 Grade   
  
3.0 Credits, 2 Semesters, Herndon Career Center - Building C.    
Prerequisite: 90% attendance and a B- or better in Behavioral Health I   
   
The second-year curriculum focuses on developing more soft skills for the behavioral health field, 
crisis management, job shadowing, and internships. Students can work on curriculum to eventually 
earn their Registered Behavior Technician certificate. Second year enrollment may be dependent 
upon job shadowing and off-site learning opportunities. Students with low professional and 

--- PAGE 30 ---
participation grades according to the rubric may be ineligible. Students must provide their own 
transportation to off-site locations.    
 
997001 Business Innovation & Creation I      
11-12 Grade   
  
3.0 Credits, 2 Semesters, Herndon Career Center - Building C.    
Prerequisite(s): Min 2.0 GPA; 90% attendance record; successful completion of English II and Algebra I with 
a C or better. Recommendations: Students need a desire to be in an environment that encourages teamwork 
in a project-based real-world environment.    
   
This course is designed for students who have an interest in the business innovation and creation 
field. This career education course will allow students an opportunity to creatively solve 
problems for new, existing, and expanding markets. Students will have the opportunity to learn from 
professionals in the field of entrepreneurship, patent development, marketing, and economic 
development. This course is a hands-on, project-based exploration opportunity for students. 
Students should be prepared to work with professionals on real-world company-based projects. 
Students meet on campus or at business locations throughout the first semester while gaining 
skills to earn an internship for the second semester. Student transportation is required. This 
program is eligible for 1-4 credits of dual credit work through Northwest Missouri State University.    
   
997001 Business Innovation & Creation II      
12 Grade   
3.0 Credits, 2 Semesters, Herndon Career Center - Building C   
   
2nd Year Prerequisites: Students must meet eligibility requirements including 90% attendance at HCC, 
cumulative HCC grade of 80% or higher, successful completion of year 1 internship, positive 
internship evaluations and their own personal transportation. Students must also desire to be out in industry 
4 days a week in an internship setting.     
  
171001 Construction Technology I      
11-12 Grade   
  
3.0 Credits, 2 Semesters, Herndon Career Center - Building A.    
Prerequisite(s): Minimum 2.0 GPA; 90% attendance record; successful completion of English II and Algebra 
I with a C or better. Recommended: Industrial technology courses in wood, metal, electricity, and drafting.   
   
This course provides instruction in Blueprint Reading, Basic Concrete Finishing, Structural Framing, 
Electrical, Plumbing, Interior Finishing, Roofing, and Heavy Equipment operation. Safety is 
emphasized through a 10-hour OSHA training program and proper use of hand and power tools. 
Students develop technical skills and workplace readiness through classroom instruction and 
hands-on projects. Using the Carpenter Millwright curriculum, students can eliminate some entry-
level training and start at a higher pay rate. Those seeking more in-depth study may return for a 
second year if space is available.   
 
171001 Construction Technology II        
12 Grade   
  
3.0 Credits, 2 Semesters, Herndon Career Center - Building A.    
Prerequisite(s): ≥ 93% attendance and ≥ B- or better Construction Technology I, IRC, OSHA 10 Certification.   
   
 This course is designed to prepare students to enter the construction career field. The second year 
is a higher-level process of construction and will require more in-depth knowledge of the units 

--- PAGE 31 ---
covered in Construction Technology I. Students will be expected to do independent research of jobs 
and how trades work together effectively to complete a project. Students will work on personal 
skills of how to manage a job and the work of others, including the estimation of costs and labor. 
Students will continue learning basic skills in all areas of construction along with construction math 
skills, problem solving skills, material estimation, labor calculations, goal setting, and business 
development. Students will acquire knowledge and develop technical skills through classroom 
instruction as well as planning and constructing related projects. Students will complete the 
Carpenters Level 3 certification through this program, which could result in a higher rate of pay if 
they join a Carpenters Union Contractor. Students completing two years of Construction 
Technology are eligible for up to a 5% pay increase.   
  
096900 Cosmetology        
12 Grade   
  
8.0 Credits, 2 Semesters, Herndon Career Center - Building A. Extended School Day Tuesday, Wednesday, 
Thursday until 4:15 pm.    
Prerequisite(s): Min. 2.0 GPA; 90% attendance record; Biology or Chemistry with a C or better; successful 
completion of English II and Algebra I with a C or better. Applicants must have completed all high school 
graduation requirements (except Practical Arts electives and English IV) by the beginning of their senior 
year. Recommended: Art, anatomy and physiology, business management, and communications.    
   
The Cosmetology program at Herndon Career Center prepares students for the Missouri State 
Board of Licensing exam and employment as a cosmetologist. This 1,220-hour, full-day program 
covers hair and scalp properties, haircutting techniques, chemical applications, skin care, makeup, 
nail care, hygiene, business ethics, safety, sanitation, salesmanship, communication skills, and 
state laws. Students must work well in teams, wear approved uniforms daily, and provide 
transportation home due to extended hours (7:40–2:20 on Monday and Friday; 7:40–4:15 Tuesday 
through Thursday). Graduates are eligible for the Missouri State Board exam and earn certifications 
including Milady Rise, Barbicide, Barbicide Health and Wellness, and OSHA-10 for general industry.    
Fees & Expectations: Students must purchase a salon kit costing approximately $1,200, which 
includes tools for the State Board of Cosmetology exam and a foundation kit for entering the 
profession. Optional licensing opportunities may require additional fees throughout the year. While 
a social security number is not needed to enroll, it is required for the state board exam. A $100 
deposit is due by May 15 for selected students, and once ordered, kits are non-returnable, making 
students responsible for the full cost.   
  
096815 Culinary Arts I        
11-12 Grade   
  
3.0 Credits   2 Semesters Herndon Career Center Building C   
Prerequisite(s): Minimum 2.0 GPA; 90% attendance record; successful completion of English II and Algebra 
I with a C or better. Food Prep I and Food Prep II.    
Recommended: Business Fundamentals    
  
The capstone classes offered at Herndon Career Center are under the umbrella of the National 
Restaurant Association called ProStart. ProStart is a two-year hospitality program that will develop 
the aspiring young leader with the restaurant skills that will lead them into college and their career. 
ProStart culinary classes offer a block of time that will teach students the foundation of the 
restaurant industry where they will apply cooking methods while learning both front of the house 
restaurant standards and back of the house operations. Students will do so through running a 
student-run restaurant called CINDER. Students will learn safety and sanitation, basic and advanced 
cooking methods. Students will also earn their ServeSafe certification for food safety. Students 

--- PAGE 32 ---
will demonstrate ability to calculate food and recipe development throughout their two years in the 
program.    
Fees & Expectations: Students will order a uniform to be worn daily during class. Students may 
occasionally be required to work after regular school hours to participate in catered events and 
ProStart activities. Student fees will be approximately $150 to cover uniforms.    
  
096815 Culinary Arts II           
12 Grade   
  
3.0 Credits, 2 Semesters, Herndon Career Center – Cinder   
Prerequisite(s): Completion of Culinary Arts I with B- or better and 90% attendance   
   
Recommended: Foods and nutrition courses, health courses, business courses   
The capstone classes offered at Herndon Career Center are under the umbrella of the National 
Restaurant Association called ProStart. ProStart is a two-year hospitality program that will develop 
the aspiring young leader with the restaurant skills that will lead them into college and their career. 
ProStart culinary classes offer a block of time that will teach students the foundation of the 
restaurant industry where they will apply and master advanced cooking methods while applying 
management goals for both front of the house restaurant standards and back of the house 
operations.    
The successful ProStart student will graduate with two national certifications. One being in safety 
and sanitation, and the other is a Certificate of Achievement. Students who earn their ProStart COA 
can be eligible for credits at post-secondary institutions including Johnson County Community 
College. Successful students are eligible to earn up to 10 hours of credit in the Johnson County 
Community College Culinary Arts program.    
Fees & Expectations: Students will order a uniform to be worn daily during class. Students may 
occasionally be required to work after regular school hours in order to participate in catered events 
and ProStart activities. Student fees will be approximately $150 to cover uniforms. 2nd Year 
Culinary Arts Special Topics: Students must meet the 90% minimum attendance rate and B- 
average to return for the 2nd year of curriculum.   
  
171200 Diesel, Industrial & Agricultural Mechanics I   
Grade 11   
   
Prerequisite: Min 2.0 GPA; 90% attendance record; reading, writing, and math at 10th grade 
level. Recommended: Industrial Technology course.   
   
Course Description: This course is the first year of a two-year program preparing students as entry-
level technicians for heavy construction equipment, trucks, and industrial plant vehicles. Students 
will practice maintaining, servicing, and repairing engines, power trains, controls, and other 
components on heavy trucks, earth-moving equipment, and stationary power plants. Many 
graduates enter the diesel industry or post-secondary internships in diesel mechanics. Key topics 
include oils and fuels, basic engines, HVAC, electronics, hydraulics, welding, air brakes, pneumatic 
systems, and transmissions, with strong industry involvement throughout the course. Students will 
be eligible to earn their ASE Medium/Heavy Truck certification, ASE 609 certification, and their 
OSHA-10-hour safety card.   
  
171200 Diesel, Industrial & Agricultural Mechanics II   
Grade 12   
  
Prerequisite: Successful completion of Diesel, Industrial, & Agricultural Mechanics I with a grade of 
80% or better, 90% attendance and instructor recommendation.   

--- PAGE 33 ---
   
Course Description: This course is the second year of a two-year program preparing students as 
entry-level technicians for heavy construction equipment, trucks, and stationary power plants. 
Students will practice maintaining, servicing, and repairing engines, power trains, controls, and 
other components on heavy trucks, earth-moving equipment, and lift trucks. Many graduates enter 
the diesel industry or post-secondary internships in diesel mechanics. With strong industry 
involvement, the curriculum covers topics such as oils and fuels, basic engines, HVAC, electronics, 
hydraulics, welding, air brakes, pneumatic systems, and transmissions. Students will be eligible to 
earn their ASE Medium/Heavy Truck certification, ASE 609 certification, and their OSHA-10-
hour safety card.   
   
096842 Education Exploration I    
11-12 Grade  
   
3.0 Credits, 2 Semesters, Spring Valley Elementary   
   
This course is designed for students who have an interest in learning about future careers in 
teaching and education. Students will have the opportunity to observe pre-K through secondary 
instruction, collaborate with educators, lead classroom instruction, and explore post-secondary 
opportunities. The program is largely centered on learning about classroom teaching, including time 
devoted to field trips and guest speakers to learn about varying careers within education. Students 
should be prepared to complete and present a comprehensive, year-long passion project. First year 
students may earn up to six (6) college credits through Northwest Missouri State University. 
Student transportation is required.   
   
096842 Education Exploration II       
12 Grade   
3.0 Credits, 2 Semesters, Spring Valley Elementary   
  
2nd Year Prerequisites: Students must meet eligibility requirements including: 90% attendance at 
HCC, a cumulative HCC grade of B- or higher, and a positive internship evaluation rating from year 
1. Students must also have a desire to be on a student-teaching internship 4 days a week and 
complete an advanced, year-long, passion project.   
Second year Education Exploration students will have the opportunity to complete a year-long 
student teaching internship 4 days per week and attend a teaching seminar 1 day per week. During 
the second-year experience, students will collaborate with educators, lead classroom instruction, 
and explore post-secondary opportunities. Second year students may earn up to six (6) college 
credits through Northwest Missouri State University. Student transportation is required.    
  
070906 Foundations of Nursing I        11-12 Grade   
3.0 Credits, 2 Semesters, Herndon Career Center - Building C   
   
Prerequisite(s): Minimum 2.0 GPA; 90% attendance record; Biology, Chemistry or Principles of Biomedical 
Science with a C or better; English II and Algebra 1 with C or better. Recommended: Anatomy and 
Physiology, Intro to Health Careers, Chemistry, Psychology   
   
This one-year program is designed for students to explore a career in Nursing and related health 
careers. This program includes classroom and hands-on/clinical experiences. Classroom 
instruction includes anatomy, physiology, medical terminology, and entry level nursing topics. 
Classroom instruction also includes American Heart Association CPR and First Aid certification. 
Students will learn and practice clinical skills in a controlled simulation lab. Students will then 
spend 100 hours at various long-term care facilities perfecting their clinical skills. Students will 

--- PAGE 34 ---
have opportunities to observe other health care professionals. Students who successfully complete 
the program will meet the requirements to take the final examination to become a Certified Nurse 
Assistant (CNA). Fees & Expectations: Student transportation is required to the clinical sites. A 
background check will be required for clinical experiences as well as a TB skin test, and 
a physician statement acknowledging the student can physically handle the required tasks to obtain 
the CNA. Students must have a social security number in order to get the background screening 
(Family Care Safety Registry) and meet the clinical site requirements. Students may need to provide 
proof of vaccination against COVID-19 or an exemption to participate in clinicals. Uniforms will 
be required for clinical experiences and paid through student fees. Student fees are approximately 
$175 (for equipment, scrubs, etc.).   
  
070906 Foundations of Nursing II         
12 Grade   
3.0 Credits, 2 Semesters, Herndon Career Center - Building C   
   
Prerequisite(s): 90% attendance, A- or better in Foundations of Nursing I, CNA license, BLS Heartsaver, 
OSHA 10 Healthcare card   
   
Second year enrollment may be dependent upon job shadowing and off-site learning opportunities. 
Students with low professional and participation grades according to the rubric may be ineligible. 
We have a max of 2 second year opportunities per teacher per session. Students must provide their 
own transportation to off-site locations. This one-year program compliments Foundations of 
Nursing I.  The students will also be team leaders/mentors for the 1st year students. This includes, 
but not limited to teaching new skills, mentoring and evaluating students in the classroom lab and 
at clinical.   
These students will also experience different shadowing opportunities each week between the 
middle of September and the end of March.  Some sites include well-student checkups in Raytown 
School District with Oracle;  multiple weeks shadowing different departments at the Jackson County 
Health Department, shadowing a chiropractor, shadowing multiple school nurses in the Raytown 
district & University Health.  Other sites may be added later in the semester. Students will be 
rotated through all the different locations. Student transportation is required. Students will be 
required to meet the specific requirements of each health care site to participate in off 
campus learning opportunities.    
  
170100 HVAC/Industrial Maintenance I         
11-12 Grade   
3.0 Credits, 2 Semesters, Herndon Career Center - Building A   
   
Prerequisite(s): Min 2.0 GPA; 90% attendance record; successful completion of English II and 
Algebra I with a C or better. Recommended: Industrial Technology class   
   
The HVAC/Industrial Maintenance Program provides students with the knowledge and skills 
necessary to assemble, install, troubleshoot, repair, and modify machinery and systems that are 
mechanically or electronically controlled in residential, commercial, and manufacturing 
environments. This program includes training in heating, venting, air conditioning, refrigeration, air 
distribution, plumbing, pipe fitting, and electrical systems. Classroom instruction combined with 
hands-on experience emphasizes applying principles using actual industry equipment in real-world 
applications. Students completing the first year of this program will be eligible to earn their OSHA-
10 card and the EPA-608 Refrigerant Handling Certification. Shop safety is paramount and requires 
industry-appropriate clothing, including a long-sleeved cotton work shirt, leather work boots, leather 
gloves, and industrial work pants (jeans with no holes/coveralls).    
   

--- PAGE 35 ---
170100 HVAC/Industrial Maintenance II     
12 Grade   
3.0 Credits, 2 Semesters, Herndon Career Center - Building A   
   
Prerequisite(s): ≥ 90% attendance and ≥ B- or better HVAC/Industrial Maintenance I, EPA 608 certification, 
and OSHA 10 card.   
   
Second year students will continue to expand their knowledge and skills in the HVAC/Industrial 
Maintenance area. Students' curriculum will be determined in part by their individual career plans 
after high school and based on their individual skills. Students will develop their problem-solving 
and leadership skills through projects. Students demonstrating competency and advanced skills 
may have the opportunity to pursue an internship but will be responsible for their own 
transportation.    
  
170613 Law Enforcement Science I       
11-12 Grade   
3.0 Credits, 2 Semesters, Herndon Career Center - Building C    
   
Prerequisite(s): Min 2.0 GPA; 90% attendance record, successful completion of English II and Algebra I with 
a C or better   
   
This year-long course offers students a comprehensive introduction to law enforcement and police 
science, preparing them for further education and potential careers in criminal justice and related 
fields. Students will explore the historical development of law enforcement, examine the structure 
of the criminal justice system, and investigate a variety of career paths, including policing, 
corrections, dispatch, and forensic sciences. Through hands-on learning and critical discussions, 
students will analyze real-world incidents, including police interactions, crime scenes, and case 
studies, using videos, photographs, and reports.    
Emphasis will be placed on developing leadership competencies and ethical decision-making skills, 
while also exploring the societal factors that influence law enforcement practices and 
public perception. Students can earn industry-recognized certifications in areas such as CPR/First 
Aid, FEMA ICS/NIMS, OSHA10, dispatch procedures, and other core competencies essential to 
public safety careers. This course is eligible for up to six hours of dual credit through Missouri 
State University and six hours through Metropolitan Community College (MCC).   
Fees & Expectations: Students may be expected to purchase a pair of khaki style pants and 
black leather tennis shoes or boots.   
   
170613 Law Enforcement Science II       
12 Grade   
  
3.0 Credits, 2 Semesters, Herndon Career Center - Building C   
Prerequisite(s): Completion of Law Enforcement/Police Science I with a B-or better, 90% attendance during 
first year of the course; CPR/First Aid, FEMA ICS/NIMS, OSHA 10 certifications   
  
This course is designed for students ready to expand their skills through leadership, 
communication, and professional experiences. Building on prior knowledge, students will take on a 
more active role in class discussions, scenario facilitation, and peer mentoring. Emphasis is placed 
on developing strong leadership, teamwork, and public speaking skills essential for careers in 
public safety. Students will engage in deeper analysis of law enforcement policies, current events, 
and ethical dilemmas while honing their ability to communicate clearly and think critically under 
pressure.   
  

--- PAGE 36 ---
Throughout the year, students will participate in job shadowing opportunities, professional 
interviews, and field experiences with local law enforcement agencies, corrections, dispatch 
centers, and other criminal justice professionals. Select students may also qualify for internships, 
providing valuable, hands-on exposure to the field. This course prepares students for post-
secondary programs and employment in criminal justice by refining their professional readiness, 
enhancing their understanding of community-oriented policing, and reinforcing the importance of 
integrity, accountability, and service in public safety roles. Fees & Expectations: Students may be 
expected to purchase a pair of khaki style pants.   
  
Pharmacy Tech I   
Grade 12   
  
3.0 Credits, 2 Semesters, Herndon Career Center - Building C    
Prerequisite(s): Min 2.0 GPA; 90% attendance record, successful completion of English II, Algebra I, Biology 
I or Chemistry I with a C or better   
  
This one-year program is designed to introduce students to the many careers available in the 
pharmaceutical industry. This program will learn common medications, scientific terminology, how 
different drugs work in the body, and the different types of pharmacies that are available to work in. 
Students will practice professionalism and communication utilizing role playing scenarios as they 
prepare for job shadowing and clinical experience opportunities. This program will teach standards 
consistent with the national Pharmacy Technician Board Certification (PTCB) guidelines. A 
combination of active lecturing, guest speakers, field trips and labs will be utilized. Students will 
earn the OSHA10 Healthcare certification and work towards becoming a nationally certified 
pharmaceutical technician.   
  
 070923 Introduction to Physical Therapy & Sports Medicine I    
11-12 Grade   
  
3.0 Credits, 2 Semesters, Herndon Career Center - Building C   
Prerequisite(s): Minimum 2.0 GPA; 90% attendance record; Algebra I, Biology I or Chemistry I, English II with 
a C or better. Recommended: Anatomy and Physiology, Intro to Health Careers, Chemistry, Psychology   
  
Prepare for a rewarding career as a valued member of the physical therapy and sports medicine 
team while learning all about the human body, specific injuries and disorders, and the way rehab 
professionals treat these disorders. Students will explore the history of various healthcare 
professions and the similarities and differences between physical therapy, athletic training, 
occupational therapy, and a variety of kinesiology and sports medicine careers. Students will learn 
how to communicate effectively using proper medical terminology with health care professionals 
and patients. Students will learn proper body mechanics and how to safely move patients. Students 
will come to understand how to help patients walk with assistive devices like walkers, crutches, and 
canes. Students will learn about functional anatomy, injury recognition and prevention, exercise 
programming, and neurological disorders. Students will understand common physical therapy 
techniques, including the use of various modalities, and their effects on the body. By the time 
students finish this course, they will have gained valuable knowledge and be well on the way to 
becoming an important member of the physical therapy and sports medicine team. Students in this 
course will have the opportunity to earn their OSHA 10-Healthcare certification, American Heart 
Association BLS certification, and dual credit for Intro to Kinesiology.   
  
 070923 Introduction to Physical Therapy & Sports Medicine II   
12 Grade   
  

--- PAGE 37 ---
3.0 Credits   2 Semesters Herndon Career Center Building C Prerequisite(s): A- and 90% attendance or above 
in Physical therapy and Sports Medicine I Second year enrollment may be dependent upon job shadowing 
and off-site learning opportunities. Students with low professional and participation grades according to the 
rubric may be ineligible. We have a max of 2 second year opportunities per teacher per session. Students 
must provide their own transportation to off-site locations.   
  
This course is designed for students to further develop the knowledge and skills which will best 
prepare them for the future in the fields of physical therapy, sports medicine, and personal 
training. Students will take a more in-depth look at the anatomy of the human body and develop a 
deeper understanding as to how they can assess and respond to patients/clients to help them 
achieve their health or fitness goals. Students will gain additional exposure to hands-on learning, 
enhance patient care and employability skills, provide mentorship to peers, and participate in 
ongoing career exploration. Students will have the opportunity to renew their BLS 
certification. Upon completing this course, students will be well on their way to becoming an 
important member of the physical therapy and sports medicine team! Successful completion of 
the second-year curriculum will also allow students to sit for the National Academy of Sports 
Medicine Certified Personal Trainer certification exam (NASM-CPT) with the opportunity to begin 
work as a personal trainer when passed.    
  
Fees & Expectations: Students will be expected to provide their own transportation to and from any 
individual site visits. Professional dress (as indicated by industry site) with closed-toe shoes is 
expected during industry interactions. Clinical sites may require students to possess a background 
check, updated vaccinations, TB skin test, drug test, and a physician’s statement acknowledging the 
student can physically handle the required tasks.    
  
172306 Welding & Metal Fabrication I     
11-12 Grade   
  
3.0 Credits, 2 Semesters, Herndon Career Center - Building A    
Prerequisite(s): Min 2.0 GPA; 90% attendance record, successful completion of English II and Algebra I with 
a C or better. Recommended: Students should take basic drafting and metals classes if they are available at 
their high school.   
  
This course is the first year of a two-year program that prepares students to meet the American 
Welding Society’s entry-level employment requirements or pursue post-secondary training. 
Laboratory work includes basic flame cutting, oxy-fuel welding and shielded metal arc welding of 
mild steels. Classroom instruction covers welding theory, terminology, techniques, 
measuring, mathematics and beginning blueprint reading. Students have the opportunity to earn 
their 10-hour OSHA certification and AWS SENSE certification. Students who meet qualifications as 
outlined and specific to welding processes have the opportunity to test for AWS 
certification. Students who complete Welding & Metal Fabrication I and II may be eligible for up to 
16 hours of articulated credit through Ozark Technical Community College. Fees & Expectations: 
Students must supply their own protective cotton clothing (a long-sleeved work shirt, welding cap, 
above-the-ankle leather work boots, and jeans or coveralls in good condition). Students who wear 
glasses are recommended to purchase prescription safety glasses. Students are responsible to 
replace any equipment initially supplied by the school, such as gloves, helmet, goggles, pliers, etc. 
Safety, work ethic, employability skills, quality of work and pride in workmanship are always 
emphasized.   
   
172306 Welding & Metal Fabrication II     
12 Grade   
  
3.0 Credits, 2 Semesters, Herndon Career Center - Building A.    

--- PAGE 38 ---
Prerequisite(s): ≥ 90% attendance and ≥ B- or better Welding & Metal Fabrication I, OSHA 10 certification   
   
Second year students will continue to expand their knowledge and skills in the Welding & 
Fabrication area. Students' curriculum will be determined in part by their individual career plans 
after high school and based on their individual skills. Students will develop their problem-solving 
and leadership skills through projects. Students demonstrating competency and advanced skills 
may have the opportunity to pursue an internship.    
   
Early College Metropolitan Community College   
 
MCC offers a variety of Early College Academies for high-achieving, motivated high school students. The 
academies provide a faster, more affordable path to a certificate or degree. Each MCC campus offers an 
unique Early College Academy experience.  Please click on the link below for additional information: 
 
Early College Academies for HS Students 
 
 HT7215 Missouri Innovation Campus (MIC) Program   
   
Crossing the stage and receiving a diploma is an important milestone for a high-school senior. 
Combine this with an innovative program that accelerates the time it takes to earn a college degree 
in addition to working in a high-demand internship, and you are left with a well-equipped, high 
school graduate. As a result of participating in one of the Missouri Innovation Campus (MIC) 
programs, students will be on track to earn a bachelor’s degree just two years after graduating from 
high school.   
The MIC is a progressive initiative by the University of Central Missouri, Metropolitan Community 
College, the Lee’s Summit R-7 School District, community organizations and business partners. This 
program is designed to revolutionize the way students learn and work, while bridging the gap 
between skills and workforce demands. The path for students to be admitted into the MIC program 
will encompass numerous steps. It starts with applying to Summit Technology 
Academy (For Engineering, apply for Digital Electronics & Robotic Automation; for Cyber, apply for 
Network Operations & Network Security; for Data or Computer Science, apply for Java & 
Python). Each step of the student’s plan towards a baccalaureate degree will include academic 
support and internship support from the staff of MIC. The students’ industry immersion will be 
structured towards a specific career field that is best matched with each student. MIC students 
must meet more rigorous standards. The details below will give students a glimpse into each of the 
six MIC programs.   
   
Early College Academy  
Early College Academy is a program offered on our MCC-Penn Valley campus and is a partnership with 
Kansas City Public Schools and Guadalupe Centers High School.   
The program allows students to spend most of their junior and senior years on the MCC-Penn Valley 
campus instead of high school classrooms. Those who complete the Early College Academy also earn 
an Associate in Arts Degree from MCC after graduating from high school.   
Kansas City Public Schools Early College Academy   
 
CMA -University of Central Missouri Nursing   
   
Eligible Juniors can enroll in the University of Central Missouri's Clinical Medical Assistant 
with Externship certificate program and launch a new career in the high demand, rewarding 
healthcare field. This program prepares students to assist physicians by performing duties related 
to clinical responsibilities in medical offices. You will learn to prepare patients for examination and 

--- PAGE 39 ---
treatment, conduct routine laboratory procedures and diagnostic testing as well as the technical 
aspects of phlebotomy (blood collection) and the cardiac life cycle. Upon successful completion of 
the program, students are eligible to sit for the National Health Career Association Certified Medical 
Assistant examination. Through this program, students earn an industry-recognized certificate and 
continuing education units which may not be applied to a degree program and are not eligible for 
federal financial aid.   
   
PrFY-40010 Pathway to Tech -Cerner   
  
The Cerner Pathways to Technology Program is a Kansas City-based educational initiative, in 
collaboration with PREP-KC and local school districts, that offers urban high school students a 
head start on technology careers through coursework, dual college credit, and internships.    
Program Details   
• 
Objective: To provide high school students with the computer science skills needed to launch a 
technology career and prepare them for post-secondary education. 
• 
Structure: The program typically runs for a full year. The first semester involves classroom 
instruction and earning a micro-credential through Google that is dual credit eligible. The 
second semester places students in internships alongside professionals at Cerner (now Oracle 
Health) or other regional businesses, working on real-world projects. 
• 
Partnerships: The program was launched in 2018 by PREP-KC in partnership with Cerner and 
several local school districts (including Center, Grandview, Hickman Mills, and Kansas City 
Public Schools).   
 
PrFY-40020 Pathway to Design -Ruskin   
  
Students in grades 10-12 will have the opportunity to apply to be a part of our Pathways to Design 
Academy, offered in partnership with Prep-KC, Center School District, and Grandview School 
District. This program is for students interested in marketing, graphic design, or even journalism. 
This will be a half day program, and students will attend class at an area design firm.   
 
 
SUMMIT TECH ACADEMY   
Summit Tech Academy (STA) is available to Center School District 11th and 12th graders who meet specific 
attendance and academic qualifications. STA offers advanced capstone courses for high wage, high 
demand career fields to best prepare students for career opportunities beyond high school. STA coursework 
is rigorous and aligned to industry standards as well as post-secondary curriculum so that students are 
ready for whatever is next for them. STA capstone courses challenge students to achieve their best.  Please 
click on the link below for additional information: 
Summit Technology Academy: Home 
 
PrFY-40050 Aerospace Academy –ST   
   
Have you ever wanted to design, maintain, or pilot an airplane or rocket? Are you interested in a 
deeper understanding of what it takes to work in the Aviation and Aerospace fields? The Aerospace 
Academy Capstone provides advanced level avionics/aviation/aerospace pathways. This 
program represents a collaboration between STA, the City of Lee's Summit, the Lee's Summit 
Economic Development Council, and the Lee's Summit Municipal Airport and includes potential lab 
opportunities for students at the airport. Students will learn cutting-edge curriculum developed by 
subject matter experts in aerospace/aviation including acquiring learning targets for a FAA Remote 
Pilot certification, career exploration for the seven aerospace workforce pathways, hands-on 

--- PAGE 40 ---
applied learning experiences at the Lee's Summit airport utilizing industry standard equipment, 
and field experience within one or more of the seven aerospace pathways.   
   
PrFY-40060 Digital Media Technology –ST   
   
Welcome to the professional, industry-aligned experience that is Digital Media Technology (DMT) at 
Summit Technology Academy. In DMT, we embrace a personalized learning approach that 
empowers you to grow your audio/video technology skills. The DMT program aligns your education 
with the real-world practices of the media and entertainment industry.   
  
PrFY-40070 Professional Nursing -ST*   
   
This course is designed to prepare high school senior students, who have identified nursing as a 
clear career goal, for a collegiate registered nursing program. Students will learn through 
classroom instruction, practice in a real-world clinical skills lab and gain real-
time experiences about nursing through community health and acute care shadowing 
opportunities. Major units of study include Fundamentals of Nursing; Medical Math; Medical 
Language and include certifications in CPR/AED; First Aid and OSHA10. The STA Professional 
Nursing Course will introduce students to the roles and functions of a future R.N. to include: the 
nursing process, nursing documentation, professional communication skills, medical ethics and 
NCLEX-RN style assessment questions. Students will learn and use APA style in the course. Dual 
college credit is available. 2nd semester includes a Shadowing experience OR a Paid Internship 
experience.   
   
070927 Allied Health   
   
This year-long program is for juniors or seniors interested in learning more about Allied Health 
careers, or who would like to enter college healthcare programs after graduation. Students will be 
engaged in learning medical terminology, and in projects related to Physical Therapy, Radiology, 
Respiratory Therapy, Dentistry, Occupational Therapy, EMT, Surgical Technology, Chiropractics, 
Athletic Training, Laboratory, Pharmacology, and other allied health careers. This program involves 
developing personal resumes and allows internship and externship opportunities. In addition, 
students gain industry credentials such as Basic Life Saver CPR training, OSHA 10 Healthcare, and 
HIPAA training.     
   
 070414 PLTW Medical Interventions and PLTW Biomedical Innovation   
   
This is a year-long course comprised of two related semester courses.   
070413 Fall semester:  PLTW Medical Interventions™ Students investigate the variety of 
interventions involved in the prevention, diagnosis and treatment of disease as they follow the lives 
of a fictitious family. Students conduct experiments while exploring how to prevent and fight 
infection, how to screen and evaluate the code in human DNA, how to prevent, diagnose and treat 
cancer, and how to prevail when the organs of the body begin to fail. Students are exposed to a 
wide range of interventions related to immunology, surgery, genetics, pharmacology, medical 
devices, and diagnostics.  Students study real world medical problems through laboratory 
experiences. A background check and TB test are necessary for hospital lab placements.   
 
070414 Spring semester: PLTW Biomedical Innovation™    
   
In this capstone course students design and conduct experiments related to a series of Biomedical 
science problems including Emergency Medicine, Human Anatomy and Physiology, Environmental 
Science, Molecular Biology, Forensic Science, and Laboratory Research. Students may work with a 

--- PAGE 41 ---
mentor or advisor from a university, hospital, or physician's office, as they complete a Team 
Research Project of their own design. Students submit their Team Research Project along with 
other BI students in the metropolitan area to a panel of medical professionals. Scholarships are 
awarded to top winners. Students completing all four PLTW Biomedical courses receive an 
STA/PLTW embroidered white coat at a white coat ceremony that recognizes them for completing 
this 4-year program. Students completing all four PLTW Biomedical courses (PBS, HBS, MI, 
BI) participate in a special White Coat Ceremony at the end of the year.   
   
172803 Firefighter Academy (Senior Year Only)   
   
Do you have career aspirations related to Firefighting and first responding? The Firefighter 
Academy capstone prepares students to become certified as a Firefighter while completing training 
in areas like fire suppression, search and rescue and basic first aid. Students will be immersed in 
the Lee’s Summit Fire Department fire training with a certified LSFD Firefighter instructor through 
drills in the operation of fire hoses for suppressing car and structure fires, extricating victims from 
car accidents, a burn tower, and learning how to provide emergency first aid to patients. Students 
will have the opportunity to earn national IFSTA Firefighter I & II certifications that are required for 
firefighters. Students must provide their own transportation for off-campus field/skill training 
experiences at firefighting training centers in and near Lee’s Summit.   
  
HP7212 Hospitality, Tourism & Recreation Management I & II   
   
When you plan activities, do you naturally consider the participants’ experience, ensuring every 
detail is just right? If so, a career in Hospitality, Tourism, and Recreation Management could be a 
good fit for you. Hospitality, Tourism and Recreation is one of the fastest growing industries in the 
world which includes recreational and corporate travel coordinators, meeting, convention and event 
planners, entertainment and fitness directors, marketing and sales managers, and more. This 
Capstone Course meets at Paradise Park.   
Students will need to provide transportation to job shadowing and internship opportunities 
throughout the year.  
 
034320 International Studies Academy   
   
SISA/GPS is not your typical course; it's a thrilling journey that propels you into the global arena of 
intercultural communication. Imagine learning through direct experiences across the world, 
engaging with diverse perspectives in an open-minded, project-based environment. This is a place 
where individual responsibility, independence, and flexibility are your guiding stars.   
   
HT7226 Teacher Educator Academy   
   
This year-long class is designed for students who are seriously considering the elementary or 
secondary teaching profession or corporate educator. The course offers students the opportunity 
to put theory into action through classroom work and the practicum.  Students will develop skills 
and professionalism needed to succeed as an educator as they work directly with students/adults 
in the practicum.  Each student is assigned to a district school within the high school attendance 
boundaries or to a corporate education department.  A blended instructional model of classroom 
and online learning is used to deliver instruction and to provide opportunities for students to 
develop their beliefs and philosophy of education. Students will participate in Educators Rising as 
part of the course requirements.   
HP7233 Environmental Studies (Fall Course) and Spring Course   
 
Course Features:   

--- PAGE 42 ---
• 
Learn in the Outdoors: Direct, hands-on scientific investigations occur in the outdoor lab space at 
Paradise Park Campus, which includes ponds, a greenhouse, walking trails, and native plants and 
animals. Develop and apply field research techniques and skills to student & class-driven 
questions. 
• 
Missouri Ecosystem Focus: Centered on the unique ecosystems of Missouri, offering a region-
specific, place-based learning approach to environmental studies. 
• 
Animal and Plant Biotechnology: Provides indoor lab experience in industry-aligned applications of 
biotechnology related to plant and animal agriculture. 
• 
Student-Led Research: Pursue independent, college-level scientific research projects, fostering 
critical thinking and problem-solving and deep diving into student’s specific interest areas. 
• 
Community Conservation Leadership: Advocate for the environment and develop a holistic 
understanding of environmental issues and their impacts through ecological, cultural, & economic 
perspectives. In addition, help learn how to care for our animal ambassadors in our animal habitat 
room. 
• 
Interdisciplinary Collaboration from Diverse Science Teams: Utilization of chemistry, biology, 
statistics, and other fields helps students tackle complex real-world problems & projects in 
partnership with industry professionals. 
• 
National FFA Organization: Intra-curricular student organization for students interested in 
environmental studies that prepares its members for premier leadership, personal growth, and 
career success.   
HT7206 Business, Finance, & Data Analytics 
  
This course encompasses the management of money at the personal, corporate and public levels.    
Students learn the big picture of business and can prepare for careers ranging from financial adviser to 
investment banker.    
 HT7218 Network Operations  
 
Development, Security, and Operations (DevSecOps) is a deep dive into the foundations of network 
operations by using the lens of security to tie it all together. Hands-on and simulation-based 
activities in this course assist with implementing network operations with software development 
and cyber security concepts. Students will see how culture, automation, and platform design 
integrates security as a shared responsibility throughout the entire IT lifecycle. In this course, you 
will learn about the OSI Model and how that model allows IT to function across Software 
Development, Cybersecurity and Network Operations. Specifically, you will learn the principles and 
structure of IP addressing, LAN and WAN specifications, and network management. This course 
encompasses additional college classes (6 college credits) to begin preparing students for the 
Cisco Certified Network Associate certification exam. Learn information the tech industry needs for 
high-demand, high-wage tech careers. Students interested in the 
MIC Cybersecurity early bachelor’s degree program must enroll in this course and Advanced 
Network and Cyber Concepts.   
  
This is a semester-long offering to be paired with another course from the Computer Science 
Pathway. Please be mindful of prerequisites.   
This is a semester-long offer that must be paired with Network Operations from the Computer 
Science Pathway. Please be mindful of prerequisites.  
 
 
 
 
 
HT7208 Cyber Security   

--- PAGE 43 ---
   
Get the preparation needed for the Cybersecurity workforce through hands-on experience into 
network security protection, as well as an understanding of the types of attacks used against 
networks.  This course will cover security policies such as risk management, data privacy, 
employee management, device management, network management, and business 
continuity.  Students will develop an understanding of physical, perimeter, network, 
host, application and data defenses.  This course helps the student prepare for the CompTIA 
Security+ certification exam.   
   
 
 HT7228 Cyber Operations   
   
Uncovering cybercrime, cyber espionage, and other networking threats are just some of the exciting 
cyber security jobs spanning across every industry. Learn the skills to join this fast-growing field 
and take advantage of the opportunities found in security operation centers. In this course you will 
learn security concepts, security monitoring, host-based analysis, network intrusion analysis, and 
security policies procedures. This course aligns with the National Initiative for Cybersecurity 
Education (NICE) Cybersecurity Workforce Framework to support consistent communication 
language for cybersecurity education, training, and workforce development. This course covers the 
information required for Test Out, Ethical Hacker Pro and/or Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH) 
certification exams.   
  
HT7222 Software Development-Python   
  
Become empowered to program by learning the critical concepts of computer programming through 
the Python language. Learn Python content currently taught in college curriculum and in industry. 
Topics include basic computer organization and systems, data representation, algorithms, 
selections, loops, functions, classes, objects, elementary programming, applications, strings and 
text I/O, inheritance, lists, dictionaries, scripting, and various Python libraries. Students interested 
in the MIC Computer Science: Software Development or Software Engineering early bachelor’s 
degree program must enroll in this course and Software Development - Java. This is a semester-
long offering to be paired with another course from the Computer Science Pathway. Please be 
mindful of prerequisites.  
 
HT7223 Software Development Java   
  
Introducing a rigorous Java course tailored for high school seniors, offering a deep dive into 
advanced programming techniques and team collaboration. This course goes beyond standard 
curriculum, emphasizing a blend of technical proficiency and essential soft skills.   
  
HT7229 Software Development AI and Data Engineering   
  
Do you ever wonder why ads “just so happen” to pop up for you? Data doesn’t lie, and it is being 
used to make decisions and guide next steps daily. Uncover the mystery behind the data. Students 
will use the Python programming language to learn the basics of Data Analytics as well as give 
them hands-on experience working with database tools available. This course, designed with our 
advanced learners in mind, will continue their understanding and implementation of programming 
fundamentals and concepts acquired through previous programming courses. We will 
explore python libraries specific to the field of data manipulation. By the end of the semester, 
students will understand how Machine Learning fits into Artificial Intelligence and use different 
methods of Machine Learning including Neural Networks. This is a semester-long offering to be 
paired with another course from the Computer Science Pathway. Please be mindful of 
prerequisites.   

--- PAGE 44 ---
  
 HT7230 Software Development Applications   
  
Immerse yourself in the dynamic world of game design and development and unleash your 
creativity through technology. This course is specially crafted to blend the artistic aspects of game 
creation with the technical skills of programming, using the renowned Unity Engine. Experience a 
unique journey from conceptualizing game ideas to bringing them to life in a digital realm.   
   
TNL Welding Academy   
12th grade   
0.5 credit   
   
This program is for Seniors who are interested in the field of Welding. This program is every other day for 
5 hours for a year. At the conclusion of this program students will have earned both an OSHA 10 and 
Combination Welding Certifications, which include TIG and MIG welding.   
 The Fast Track Welding Entry Level certificate of completion is a 5 week/100-hour welding program 
that introduces the students to the fundamentals of welding.    
   
Combination Welding is a certificate of completion that will run 10 weeks/200-hours that 
introduces students to the four main welding processes: MIG, STICK, Arc, and Gas welding.    
  Transformed Pathway Academy   
   
The Transformed Academy is a Semester to two-year program where students will:    
• Participate at the 11th and 12th Grade Level 
• High School Courses: no prerequisite 
• College Courses: none 
• Summer Courses: none 
• Industry Connection: Will work with customers and sit for their State Certification Test.   
   
Course Description: Students seeking a license in Barber or Manicure will receive instruction and 
training at Transformed Barber and Cosmetology Academy.    
The barber course consists of 1000 hours (2-year program ½ day) of theory and practical training 
in the arts and sciences of hairstyling, hair cutting, shaving, mustache and beard design, coloring, 
and permanent waving, chemical hair relaxing, thermal styling, anatomy, chemistry, bacteriology 
and sanitation, physical fitness, professionalism, retailing, equipment care, and salon 
management.   
   
The manicure course consists of 400 hours of both theory and practical experience in many phases 
of manicuring and artificial nails. Their education will prepare them for the professional 
marketplace as well as give them the necessary knowledge to successfully complete the state 
board exam.   
   
The Cosmetology course consists of 1500 hours (2 year program ½ day) of theory and practical 
training in the arts and sciences of hairstyling, hair cutting, coloring, permanent waving, chemical 
hair relaxing, thermal styling, anatomy, physical fitness, chemistry, bacteriology and sanitation, 
professionalism, retailing, equipment care, and salon management.   
   
Zeta Truck Driving & CDL   

--- PAGE 45 ---
12th grade   
   
The Center School District has partnered with the Zeta Driving School, a top-rated CDL training 
school offering Kansas City, MO, truck driving classes and practice tests. Zeta Driving School are 
experts when it comes to CDL training. The programs are designed to give students comprehensive 
knowledge about driving commercial trucks while ensuring there is an understanding of the safety 
protocols one must follow on the road. Zeta is motivated to provide eligible students with the 
necessary skills to become expert drivers. Students who successfully meet all established 
requirements will become eligible to receive a Class A license. This is considered a universal 
license, as it allows you to drive multiple types of trucks and tractors.   
 
